The sailors rode the breeze clear of the rocks.
The weights made the rope stretch over the pulley.
The mechanical doll wriggled itself loose.
If you had eaten more, you would want less.
Mary listens to the Grateful Dead, she gets depressed.
The angrier Mary got, the more she looked at pictures.
The higher the stakes, the lower his expectations are.
The more Fred is obnoxious, the less attention you should pay to him.
John was lots more obnoxious than Fred.
The more people you give beer to, the more people get sick.
The more pictures of him that appear in the news, the more embarrassed John becomes.
Every senator seems to become more corrupt, as he talks to more lobbyists.
Marianne did not leave.
He could not have been working.
He can not have been working.
You will believe Bob.
John has not kissed Mary.
I said that never in my life had I seen a place like Bangor.
There tended to be a lot of discussion.
John tried to be a good boy.
John is eager.
We want John to win.
Water bubbled up out of the kettle.
The tub leaked water.
The tank leaked the fluid free.
John lay the ball in the box.
John owns the book.
We persuaded Mary to leave and Sue to stay.
Most people probably consider, even though the courts didn't actually find, Klaus guilty of murder.
Clearly, John probably will immediately learn French perfectly.
The men will all leave.
John went home.
It is nice to go abroad.
I remembered having kissed Mary.
I can't believe Fred won't, either.
John wants to read Fred's story, and I also want to.
Mary will read Fred's story, and Joe will read Holly's.
Mary claimed that eating cabbage, Holly shouldn't.
If I can, I will work on it.
Joe's neuroses bother his patrons, and Sally does too.
I know which book Mag read, and which book Bob said that you hadn't.
I'm sure I would like him to eat fruit more than I would cookies.
Rusty talked about himself only after Mary did talk about him.
Fred talked about everything before Rusty did talk about something.
John often meets Mary.
A hundred men surrounded the fort.
We elected me.
Mary has always preferred lemons to limes.
He let the cats which were whining out.
What did Bill buy?
Mary saw the boy walking toward the railroad station.
He attributed to a short circuit which was caused by an overloaded transducer the fire which destroyed most of my factory.
Muriel said nothing else than that she had been insulted.
I feel that Arch will show up.
Tom picked these grapes, and I washed some turnips, and Suzie will prepare these grapes.
Where did you go and who ate what?
How sane is Peter?
I live at the place where Route 150 crosses the River and my dad lives at the place where Route 150 crosses the Hudson River too.
Who is she trying to make up to now?
Mike talked about politics yesterday to my friends.
It was expected by the reporters that the principal would fire some teacher.
We donated wire for the convicts to build cages with.
Do you believe the claim that somebody was looking for something?
I won't ask you to believe that he tried to force me to give her any money.
That Sam sometimes didn't sleep must have pleased somebody.
I talked to Winston about himself.
That the fuzz wanted him worried John, but that the fuzz wanted her didn't worry Mary.
I'll work on it if Sam will be working on it.
I'll work on it if I can.
Fluffy is sick, which not everybody knows.
Maxwell is quite a doctor.
Sally is tall, and may be blond, and Sheila is short, and definitely is, blond.
I have to try to finish grading some papers.
It is easy to play sonatas on this violin.
This violin is difficult to play sonatas on.
Poor Bill, it had started to rain and he had no umbrella.
That girl was given my binoculars by him.
Bill didn't allege that Roger had eaten anything.
Nobody who hates to eat anything should work in a delicatessen.
Everybody around here who ever buys anything on credit talks in his sleep.
That you will marry any student is not certain.
Felicia kicked the ball off the bench.
I sent the package halfway around the world.
Park Square has a festive air.
The worker will have a job.
We launched the rocket to the moon, but it blew up before it got there.
Sarah promised Catherine her old car, but then gave it to her son instead.
The farmer loaded the cart with apples.
Martha carved the baby a toy out of wood.
The bread cuts easily.
Janet broke the cup.
The visitor rang the bell.
We pulled free.
That movie always shocks people.
That movie always shocks.
Bill sent a package to Tom.
That acorn will grow into an oak tree.
He turned into a frog.
I mixed the sugar into the butter.
Mira condemned Terry for the accident.
We investigated the area for bombs.
I sensed his eagerness.
The earth was believed to be round.
Sarah smiled a charming smile.
Sandra beamed a cheerful welcome.
You've really lived it up.
Jessica loaded boxes under the wagon.
Jessica loaded boxes on the wagon.
Carla shoveled the walk.
Nora sent the book.
Nora sent Peter the book.
Carla slid the book.
Amanda carried the package to Pamela.
We offered a job to her.
Brown presented a plaque to Jones.
Carmen bought Mary a dress.
Carmen obtained the spare part at the hardware store.
Frances hid the presents in the drawer.
The needle poked the cloth.
Carrie touched that cat.
Linda taped the picture to the wall.
Linda taped the picture onto the wall.
The child and her mother clung together.
This flyer and that flyer differ.
The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree.
Susan whispered the news.
Susan whispered at Rachel.
Ellen said that melons were selling well.
Ellen warned Helen against skating on thin ice.
Cynthia nibbled on the carrot .
Paul laughed at Mary.
Sharon fainted from hunger.
The witch poisoned the children.
A grandfather clock ticked in the hallway.
Over the fire there bubbled a fragrant stew.
Soaring temperatures are predicted for this weekend.
The voices echoed in the hall.
The stream twists through the valley.
A wonderful opportunity presented itself to him yesterday.
Out of the box jumped a little white rabbit.
Penny skated around the rink.
Jackie accompanied Rose.
The cake that Jones got was more delicious than the one that Smith got.
We recommend to eat less cake and pastry.
I saw that gas can explode.
He washed her.
did the policeman meet in the park?
John put old books in the box.
I don't know if I should agree.
John bought a book on the table.
John called the president a fool.
I forgot how good beer tastes.
This teacher is a genius.
John ate his noodle quietly.
A smith hammered the metal.
Sandy removed her ballet shoes.
This week will be a difficult one for us.
Benny worked in a shoe factory when he was a student.
Everyone hoped that she would sing.
This proved a decisive factor.
The crocodile devoured the doughnut.
John is afraid of Bill.
John placed Kim behind the garage.
John put the book in the box.
John taught English Syntax to new students.
John regards Bill as a good friend.
The chickens seem fond of the farmer.
The rules require that the executives be polite.
They were taking a hard look at possible FTA.
The committee will study the feasibility of setting up a national computer network.
We made them be rude.
After reading the pamphlet, Judy threw it into the garbage can.
I read some of the book.
Most of the fruit is rotten.
It is a golden hair.
The boy in the doorway waved to his father.
That dog is so ferocious, it even tried to bite itself.
John tried to please Stephen.
John tries to leave the country.
Under the bed seems to be a fun place to hide.
John can kick the ball.
John was found in the office.
It did not rain.
John wants not to leave the town.
Mary likes to tour art galleries, but Bill hates to.
They needn't take this exam.
Ann may spend her vacation in Italy.
They love to play golf, but I do not.
George has spent a lot of money, hasn't he?
As a statesman, scarcely could he do anything worth mentioning.
We never found any of the unicorns.
One of Korea's most famous poets wrote these lines.
Somebody apparently struck the unidentified victim during the early morning hours.
The car was driven.
Ricky can be relied on.
The bed was slept in.
Who do you think Tom saw?
he had spent five thousand dollars.
How did you guess that he fixed the computer?
The committee knows whose efforts to achieve peace the world should honor.
the baker from whom I bought these bagels left.
I found the place where we can relax.
There is a bench to sit on.
I met the man who grows peaches.
Which topic did you choose without getting his approval?
That is the reason why he resigned.
It bothers me that John coughs.
To please John is easy.
Kim is eager to please Tom.
That we invaded Iraq really bites.
It annoys me that Fido barks.
It was the peasant girl who got it.
That kind of person is hard to find anyone to look after.
A sick owl doesn't hunt mice.
Each candidate who has interest in semantics will be admitted to the department.
Each author whose contribution is written in any language other than English will provide a summary in English.
I'm sure we even got these tickets!
I'm even sure we got these tickets!
It's not because I have any sympathy for urban guerillas that I helped him.
It isn't because Sue said anything bad about me that I'm angry.
Though he may hate those that criticize Carter, it doesn't matter.
With no job would John be happy.
I have much of the manuscript left to type.
He's a more reliable man.
They may grow as high as bamboo.
Some of them made as many errors as 20.
Drew believes I think Rosie loves magazine ads.
Dave, Dan, Erin, Jaime, and Alina left.
Hopefully, we'll make it through the winter without snow.
Gwen hit the baseball.
I've lost my wallet or I've lost my mind.
It was a brand new car that he bought.
He likes cookies and he hates crumb cake.
They chased the man with the car.
I didn't have a red cent.
the one with a red cover takes a very long time to read.
John has a fear of dogs.
Colin asked if they could get a mortgage.
The man I saw get into the cab robbed the bank.
I know you eat asparagus.
John's drum will always bother me.
An evil thought struck Dave.
In the classroom John put the book on the table.
Phillip gave the medal to the soldier.
Heidi thinks that Andy should eat salmon flavored candy bars.
He danced.
Sylvia was slapping Jeff upside the head in martial arts class.
If he were a rich man, he'd buy a diamond ring.
John is likely to leave.
The manager laughed.
Who did you think kissed the gorilla?
Have you seen my model airplane collection?
It seems that Lucy was mugged.
I ate a salad that was filled with lima beans.
There were four men arriving at the station when I pulled up.
Jean is reluctant to dance.
I want her to dance.
Jean persuaded Robert.
Jean wants Bill to do the Macarena.
The children admire their mother.
Who has Peter talked with?
Heidi likes her violin.
Which pictures of himself does John like?
Any owl hunts mice.
A pilot could be flying this plane.
Everybody who attended last week's huge rally, whoever they were, signed the petition.
Anybody who attended last week's huge rally signed the petition.
Any tiger has orange fur, marked with black stripes.
Any albino tiger has orange fur, marked with black stripes.
You must pick any flower you see.
Any pilot on duty today could be flying this plane.
The Dodgers beat the Red Sox and were beaten by the Giants.
In which car was the man seen?
The man who Mary loves and Sally hates computed my tax.
Tom said he would and Bill actually did eat a raw eggplant.
The wealthy young man bought that piano for his secret fiancée.
The dog stole the turkey.
a tall building.
This building is tall.
I like the book which you gave me.
Captain Wentworth wrote a letter to Anne Elliott.
She asked was Alison coming to the party.
They realised that never had Sir Thomas been so offended.
Fanny regretted having to talk to Aunt Norris.
Knowing the country well, he took a short cut.
He left the train with somebody else's wallet in his pocket.
Magnus went to Ireland.
Who did John send the book?
The idea dismayed the Prime Minister that the Dome was dull.
Came right in he did without so much as a knock.
Harriet admired Mr Knightley.
The book is boring.
Ethel wishes to ask you some awkward questions.
Emma made Harriet some food.
The window was broken with a hammer.
The fugitive lay motionless in order to avoid discovery.
The guard marched the prisoners round the yard.
Frank Churchill crossed the street.
Emma and Harriet were attacked yesterday.
Fiona might be here by 5 o'clock.
I am both expecting to get the job and of the opinion that it is a desirable one.
Pat was awarded the Golden Fleece Award and very upset about it.
They knew that pictures of each other would be on sale.
I want to try and buy some whiskey.
Kim gave a dollar to Bobbie and a dime to Jean.
This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill in the mailbox and on your desk before tomorrow.
Ann bought a first edition of Richard III for $1000.
John became deadly afraid of flying.
What John promised is to be gentle.
Henri wants to buy which books about cooking?
I will fix the computer for Carol.
Smith loaned a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.
The paper is cut by Mary.
It was from six to nine or it took place from six to nine.
Suddenly, there arrived two inspectors from the INS.
The soup cooks, thickens.
I gave money to the charity.
John asked.
I saw even the student.
John finished the cake and drank the lemonade.
Each of the boys fought with some of the other boys.
Mary believes that Bill saw himself.
Mary thinks that she is smart.
Henry found that Bill is sad.
John considers himself proud of Mary.
There is a nurse available.
Everyone hopes that he will sleep.
John promise Mary to shave himself.
John convinced Bill that Mary should sleep.
The bears sniffed
to steal talismans from witches is dangerous
You kicked yourselves
The book that I said that I'd never read.
It is not true that I might be going to the party.
Jason persuaded the doctor to treat Medea
Who did you get an accurate description of?
The Peter we all like was at the party
The government's imposition of a fine.
Did Athena help us?
You wanted to meet the man I saw.
Anson demonized David every day
There is a programme about Euripides on a Radio 4 tonight?
Medea denied poisoning the phoenix.
The elixir was hidden in a hole in the ground
Extremely frantically, Anson danced at Trade
It's Anson that I like
I felt that I know you.
Will he can do it?
Anson believed himself to be handsome.
We arrived about six o'clock
Fortunately Hermione passed biology
I might be not going to the party but washing my hair
The butler sent the poison to Dinah.
Jason happens to appear to seem to be sick.
We linguists love to argue
It is some disgruntled old pigs in those ditches that humans love to eat.
That banana is eating the monkey.
Burn them!
It stinks that Aphrodite is omnipotent.
Agamemnon seems to be a maniac
Will Anson come to the party?
I wondered who Medea had poisoned.
They kicked them
I kicked myself
I shaved myself.
Our friends won't buy this analysis, let alone the next one we propose.
One more pseudo generalization and I'm giving up.
One more pseudo generalization or I'm giving up.
The more we study verbs, the crazier they get.
Day by day the facts are getting murkier.
I'll fix you a drink.
Fred watered the plants flat.
Bill coughed his way out of the restaurant.
We're dancing the night away.
Herman hammered the metal flat.
The critics laughed the play off the stage.
The pond froze solid.
Bill rolled out of the room.
The gardener watered the flowers flat.
The gardener watered the flowers.
Bill broke the bathtub into pieces.
Bill broke the bathtub.
They drank the pub dry.
The professor talked us into a stupor.
We yelled ourselves hoarse.
Harry coughed himself into a fit.
Bill followed the road into the forest.
We drove Highway 5 from SD to SF.
Fred tracked the leak to its source.
John danced waltzes across the room.
Bill urinated out the window.
Bill coughed out the window.
Bill bled on the floor.
The toilet leaked through the floor into the kitchen below.
Bill ate off the floor.
Bill drank from the hose.
This metal hammers flat easily.
They made him president.
They made him angry.
They made him into a monster.
The trolley rumbled through the tunnel.
The wagon rumbled down the road.
The bullets whistled past the house.
The knee replacement candidate groaned up the stairs.
The dog barked its way out of the room.
Bill whistled his way past the house.
The witch vanished into the forest.
Bill disappeared down the road.
The witch went into the forest and thereby vanished.
The building is tall and wide.
This building is taller and wider than that one.
This building got taller and wider than that one.
This building got taller and taller.
Bill floated into the cave.
Bill floated down the river for hours.
Bill floated down the river.
Bill pushed Harry along the trail for hours.
Bill pushed Harry along the trail.
The road zigzagged down the hill.
The rope stretched over the pulley.
The weights stretched the rope over the pulley.
The weights kept the rope stretched over the pulley.
Sam cut himself free.
Sam got free by cutting his finger.
Bill cried himself to sleep.
Bill squeezed himself through the hole.
Bill sang himself to sleep.
Bill squeezed the puppet through the hole.
Bill sang Sue to sleep.
If the telephone rang, it could ring itself silly.
The tiger bled to death.
He coughed awake and we were all overjoyed, especially Sierra.
John coughed awake, rubbing his nose and cursing under his breath.
John coughed himself awake on the bank of the lake where he and Bill had their play.
Ron yawned himself awake.
She coughed herself awake as the leaf landed on her nose.
The worm wriggled onto the carpet.
The chocolate melted onto the carpet.
Bill wriggled himself loose.
Aliza wriggled her tooth loose.
The off center spinning flywheel shook itself loose.
The more you eat, the less you want.
If you eat more, you want correspondingly less.
When you eat more, you want correspondingly less.
As you eat more, you want correspondingly less.
The angrier Sue gets, the more Fred admires her.
The more that you eat, the less that you want.
The angrier that Sue gets, the more that Fred admires her.
I think that the more you eat, the less you want.
I'm not shocked by the idea that the more you eat, the less you want.
It is obvious that the more you eat, the less you want.
It is not entirely clear if the more you eat, the less you want.
I want to explain exactly why the more you eat, the less you want.
I demand that the more John eats, the more he pays.
I demand that John pay more, the more he eats.
You get angrier, the more we eat, don't you.
The harder it has rained, how much faster a flow appears in the river?
The harder it rains, how much faster do you run?
The harder it rains, how much faster a flow do you see in the river?
When it rains harder, how much faster a flow appears in the river?
As it rains harder, how much faster a flow appears in the river?
How much harder has it rained, the faster a flow you see in the river?
How much harder has it rained, when you see a faster flow in the river?
When John eats more, keep your mouth shut tighter, OK?
As John eats more, keep your mouth shut tighter, OK?
Keep your mouth shut tighter, the more John eats, OK?
Everyone keep your mouth shut tighter, the more John eats, OK?
Bill can well imagine getting fat.
Fred can well imagine Joe getting fatter, the more he eats.
It is important for you to be more careful, the more you eat.
It is important to be more careful, the more you eat.
Mary listens to the Grateful Dead and she gets depressed.
If Mary listens to the Grateful Dead, she gets depressed.
When Mary listens to the Grateful Dead, she gets depressed.
Mary gets depressed if she listens to the Grateful Dead.
Mary gets depressed when she listens to the Grateful Dead.
The more she looked at pictures, the angrier Mary got.
Mary gets depressed and she listens to the Grateful Dead.
The higher the stakes are, the lower his expectations are.
The higher the stakes, the lower his expectations.
His expectations are lower, the higher the stakes.
His expectations are lower, the higher the stakes are.
The more obnoxious Fred is, the less attention you should pay to him.
The more Fred is obnoxious, the less you should pay attention to him.
His expectations are always lower than mine.
John was lots more obnoxious than Fred was.
You should always lock your door, no matter how fancy the hotel might be.
You should always lock your door, no matter how fancy the hotel.
I don't plan to lock the door, no matter how fancy this hotel is.
I'm going out, whatever the weather.
I'm going out, wherever that hurricane might be.
The more examples Mary says that Bill has helped Fred to discover the less I believe her.
The more carefully he words the letter the safer he'll be.
The more geniuses John meets, the angrier he gets.
The more people you say will buy tickets, the happier I'll be.
The more people you say that right after the show opens will buy tickets, the happier I'll be.
The more I talk to Joe, the less about linguistics I am inclined to think Sally has taught him to appreciate.
The richer John gets, the more geniuses John meets.
The more articles he reads, the fewer people he thinks will go into linguistics.
The more articles he reads, the fewer people he thinks that under the current circumstances will go into linguistics.
The more articles he reads, the fewer people he thinks under the current circumstances will go into linguistics.
The more people that arrive, the louder that it gets.
The more people that arrive, the louder it gets.
The more people you give beer to, the more people that get sick.
The more people that you give beer to, the more people that get sick.
The more people arrive, the louder that it gets.
The more people arrive, the louder it gets.
The more people that you give beer to, the more people get sick.
The more pictures of himself that John buys the more arrogant he becomes.
The man that arrived on the train was my brother.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him all the more.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him much more.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him far more.
Whenever Bill smokes, Susan hates him a lot more.
Once Janet left, Fred became all the crazier.
Once Janet left, Fred became much crazier.
Once Janet left, Fred became far crazier.
Fred became all the crazier, the more often Janet left.
When Bill smokes, all the more does Susan hate him.
So much did you eat that everyone gasped.
So fast did you run that everyone gasped.
So intelligent a dog did you buy that everyone gasped.
I know how much you ate.
I know how fast you ran.
I know how intelligent a dog you bought.
He ate so much that he got sick.
So much did he eat that he got sick.
The more you eat, the more you want.
I wonder to how many people Bill talks.
The longer he has to wait, the angrier John gets.
If he has to wait, John gets angry.
The more that pictures of him appear in the news, the more embarrassed John becomes.
The more pictures of himself that appear in the news, the more embarrassed John becomes.
The more that pictures of himself appear in the news, the more embarrassed John becomes.
The more pictures of him appear in the news, the more likely John is to get arrested.
The more that pictures of him appear in the news, the more likely John is to get arrested.
The more that John gets upset by them, the more that stories about him seem to show up in the news.
John is more embarrassed, the more pictures of him appear in the news.
John is more embarrassed, the more pictures of him that appear in the news.
John is more embarrassed, the more pictures of himself appear in the news.
John is more embarrassed, the more pictures of himself that appear in the news.
Stories about him seem to show up more on the evening news, the more that John gets upset by them.
If you give him enough opportunity, every senator will succumb to corruption.
You give him enough opportunity and every senator will succumb to corruption.
If you give any senator enough opportunity, he will succumb to corruption.
You give any senator enough opportunity and he will succumb to corruption.
The more lobbyists he talks to, the more corrupt every senator seems to become.
The more lobbyists wine and dine him, the more every senator is susceptible to corruption.
Every senator becomes more corrupt, the more lobbyists he talks to.
Any senator becomes more corrupt, the more lobbyists he talks to.
Every senator seems to become more corrupt, if he talks to more lobbyists.
Any senator seems to become more corrupt, if he talks to more lobbyists.
Any senator seems to become more corrupt, as he talks to more lobbyists.
The sooner you solve this problem, the more easily you'll satisfy the folks up at corporate headquarters.
This is the sort of problem which the sooner you solve the more easily you'll satisfy the folks up at corporate headquarters.
The folks up at corporate headquarters are the sort of people who the sooner you solve this problem, the more easily you'll satisfy.
This problem, the sooner you solve the more easily you'll satisfy the folks up at corporate headquarters.
Who did you give pictures of to friends of?
It is this problem that the sooner you solve the more easily you'll satisfy the folks up at corporate headquarters.
The harder that it rains, how much faster a flow do you see in the river?
They failed to tell me which problem the sooner I solve, the quicker the folks up at corporate headquarters.
This is a problem that you'll be able to tell the folks up at corporate headquarters to buzz off if you solve it.
John saw the man in the room.
Which room did John see the man in?
Who did John think that Bill claimed that Mary suspected that everybody liked?
John could not visit Sally.
What John could do is not visit Sally.
John couldn't visit Sally.
Why did John leave?
I hit the ball.
You hit the ball.
They hit the ball.
I am not going.
Aren't I going?
Louise is unhappy, isn't she?
Louise likes not being happy, doesn't she?
Not many books survived the fire, did they?
No books survived the fire, did they?
He hasn't often paid taxes, has he?
He can't pay taxes, can he?
She does not see him.
She kept not seeing him.
She could not have been working.
He could not have been working.
He cannot have been working.
He can simply not have been working.
You must not simply not work.
He may not just not have been working.
He can't have been working.
Can't he have been working?
Can he not have been working?
John wrote books.
John did not write books.
`` I am so happy '', thought John.
down the hill rolled John.
John often kisses Mary.
Who do you think Mary said John likes?
Who do you think that Mary said that John likes?
How do you think that Mary solved the problem?
How did you think that Mary solved the problem?
Mary hired someone.
I heard that Mary hired someone.
I resigned because Mary hired someone.
Mary wondered which picture of himself Bill saw?
Which picture of himself does Mary think that John said that Susan likes?
Mary thinks that John said that pictures of himself, Susan likes?
If you don't believe me, you will the weatherman?
I rolled up a newspaper, and Lynn did a magazine?
Kathy likes astronomy, but she doesn't meteorology?
The DA proved Jones guilty and the Assistant DA will prove Smith.
Mary will believe Susan, and you will Bob.
You might not believe me but you will Bob.
How did you solve the problem?
I wonder who could solve the problem in this way.
No candidate can predict how many people will vote for him.
Every politician is worried when the press starts attacking him.
Which politician appointed the journalist who supported him?
John sells books, Mary buys records and Bill V newspapers.
The question of whether John met Mary worries the people who support.
They have left.
Have they left?
Could they have left?
He has often seen Mary.
He I often sees Mary.
It seems that it is likely that John will win.
It seems that John is likely to win.
John seems to be likely to win.
How intelligent do you consider John?
He has left.
His book is nice.
Bill saw him.
Bill works with him.
John believes him to be a nice guy.
John considers him a nice guy.
For him to do that would be a mistake.
With him sick, the team is in trouble.
John believes that he is sick.
Who do you think that Bill likes?
Who do you think that Bill believes to be innocent?
Someone stole my car.
My car was stolen.
John has often kissed Mary.
The kids have all eaten the chocolate.
In general, he understands what's going on.
It's probable that in general he understands what's going on.
I explained how to fix the sink.
I explained how we should fix the sink.
I explained that we should fix the sink.
Mickey looked up the reference.
Mickey looked the reference up.
Mickey looked up them.
Mickey teamed up with the women.
Mickey pointed out that Gary had left.
Mickey slips up all the time.
What does John think Mary bought?
John wonders what Mary bought.
Who bought what?
Who is reading a book that criticizes who?
Who remembers where we bought what?
There aren't many linguistics students here.
I haven't met many linguistics students.
What does every student buy?
I need Sally to be there.
The boat was sunk to collect the insurance.
John wants to win.
The bed was unmade.
John was unknown.
We knew John to be the murderer.
He fed the children.
The children were uneducated.
The children were undisciplined.
I believed these students all to like John.
They tried to all like John.
I believed these students to all like John.
Did you believe him ever to have made an effort to talk to the student?
Did he try to ever be attentive to the needs of students?
Did you believe him to ever have made an effort to talk to the student?
work out an analysis that is typical of this view of understood subjects.
They were believed all to be quite diligent.
Was he believed ever to fail students?
There is tending to be more and more discussion of these issues.
John seemed to be a great linguist.
There promises to be a storm tonight.
John strived to be successful.
John wanted to improve his lot in life.
John expected to win.
This book is too dense to be read in one sitting.
John tried.
John remembered.
John is refused.
John forgot.
They seemed all to like John.
John believes Sally to be polite.
I believe John with all my heart to be a fine person.
We would like John to win.
We would prefer John to be the candidate.
I would like for John to win.
I would hate for John to win.
I would prefer for John to be the candidate.
John destroyed the house.
The electrode emitted ions into the medium.
Ions struck the electrode.
The medium contains ions.
Ions left the electrode.
The electrode was struck by ions.
The ball lies in the box.
The ball rolled from the bush to the tree.
The box contains the ball.
The tree dropped fruit to the ground.
Fruit hit the ground from the tree.
The stone knocked against the pole into the road.
The stone knocked the pole into the road.
The box contained the ball.
The tree gradually dropped its fruit to the ground.
The tree dropped its fruit to the ground.
Fruit hit the roof.
Fruit hit the roof from the tree.
Fruit at once hit the roof from the tree.
Fruit dropped from the tree.
The tree changed into an oak.
The tree changed from a maple into an oak.
The maple changed into an oak from a cedar.
The maple changed into an oak.
The oak developed out of a maple.
The train reached the station.
The branches knocked against the wall.
The child became a man.
The party lasted till midnight.
The dog went crazy.
It struck John that it was so.
It came to John that it was so.
The snake saw into the nest.
Hard work resulted in high grades.
The farm passed to John.
John is touching the wall.
The wall is being touched by John.
A bear occupies the cave.
A bear inhabits the cave.
Water fills the tub.
The electric main joins the house circuit in the basement.
The house circuit is joined by the electric main in the basement.
The fence straddles the sidewalk.
The sidewalk is straddled by the fence.
The man with a book.
Gas escaped the tube.
The terrorist escaped the prison cell.
The prison cell was escaped by the terrorist.
The rolling stone avoided the river.
The river was avoided by the rolling stone.
The agents caught the terrorist.
The sponge soaked up the water.
The tub filled with water.
John received a book.
John learned a lesson.
The parcel reached John.
John received the parcel.
The farm finally got to John after much litigation.
Water filled the cup high.
Water filled the cup.
The cup filled with water.
the barge piled high with logs.
a stone blocked the road.
the branch dropped its apple free.
Some branches broke off of the tree.
The tree dropped some branches.
The tree lost some branches.
Water bubbled out of the kettle.
The kettle bubbled water.
The tub leaked empty of water.
Hail stones broke the window.
The force of the wind broke the window.
The window broke from the force of the wind.
What the force of the wind did to the window was break it.
John hit the stone against the wall.
John hit the wall with the stone.
John tapped some wine from a barrel.
John tapped a barrel of some wine.
John laid the book on the table.
John included his name in the list.
John loaded the bricks onto the truck.
John loaded the truck with bricks.
John fed rice to the baby.
John fed the baby rice.
John fed the baby up with rice.
The ball lies completely in the box.
The box completely contains the ball.
The train got to the station fully.
The train reached the station fully.
Press the stamp against the pad completely.
Press the pad with the stamp completely.
Spray the paint onto the wall completely.
Spray all the paint onto the wall completely.
Spray the whole wall with the paint.
What John did to the wall was paint it.
What John did to the whole wall was paint it.
What John did to the wall was hit it.
John took Bill to be a fool.
Give the bottle to the baby full.
Give the baby the bottle full.
Rub the cloth on the baby torn.
Rub the baby with the cloth torn.
Dry the baby with the cloth asleep.
The stone knocked the cup apart.
The cup smashed apart against the stone.
The stone smashed the cup apart.
The tank filled with petrol out of the pump.
The cup emptied of water onto the ground.
John included her name in the list.
John rolled the ball from the tree to the bush.
John tapped the bottle of some water.
John gave Bill the book.
John got the book from Bill.
We have someone in the living room.
John is very fond of Mary.
Mary laughed at John.
The ship sank beneath the waves.
Mary considers John a fool and Bill a wimp.
John regards professors as strange and politicians as creepy.
Sue put the books on the table and the records on the chair.
Harriet gave a mug to John and a scarf to Vivien.
I expect John to win and Harry to lose.
You eat the fish raw and the beef cooked.
They told Sue who to talk to and Virginia when to leave.
Smith loaned, and his widow later donated, a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.
Sue moved, and Mary also transferred, her business to a different location.
I succeeded in convincing, even though John had failed to persuade, Mary not to leave.
We didn't particularly like, but nevertheless ate, the fish raw.
Flo desperately wants, though she doesn't really expect, the Miami Dolphins to be in the play-offs.
John learned French perfectly.
Bill recited his lines poorly.
Mary plays the violin beautifully.
John learned French immediately.
Bill recited his lines slowly.
Mary will play the violin soon.
John immediately learned French.
Bill slowly recited his lines.
Mary will soon play the violin.
John immediately learned French perfectly.
John learned French perfectly almost immediately.
John learned French perfectly immediately.
John rolled the ball perfectly down the hill.
John rolled the ball down the hill perfectly.
John shot the ball perfectly.
John spoke intimately to Mary.
John spoke to Mary intimately.
John spoke French intimately to Mary.
John spoke French to Mary intimately.
Mary jumped the horse perfectly over the last fence.
Mary jumped the horse over the last fence perfectly.
We consider the men all fools.
We consider the men all totally crazy.
The teacher ordered the two boys both to pay close attention.
They returned the books all to their owners.
We painted the chairs all red.
The trainer fed the steaks all to the lions.
Mary left the room angry.
John resembles Bill.
The package weighed 10 lb.
This book cost $10.
The book cost John $10.
We proclaimed John to the public to be a hero.
We proclaimed John sincerely to be a hero.
We proclaimed John sincerely to the public to be a hero.
They represented Mary to the dean as a genuine linguist.
They represented Mary seriously as a genuine linguist.
They represented Mary seriously to the dean as a genuine linguist.
We proved Smith conclusively to be the thief.
We proved Smith conclusively to the authorities to be the thief.
The gardener watered the tulips flat.
The grocer ground the coffee beans to a fine powder.
They painted their house a hideous shade of green.
The joggers ran their Nikes threadbare.
The kids laughed themselves into a frenzy.
He coughed his handkerchief completely soggy.
They fed the meat to the lions raw.
We love them.
Our love they.
Our love them.
Our love their.
his belief that Mary kissed Bill is mistaken.
Mary loves him.
Mary is fond of him.
Mary criticized him.
Mary's criticism of him was cruel.
That John loves Mary is doubtful.
For John to love Mary would be doubtful.
To go abroad would be nice.
John's plan to go abroad is nice.
Mary believed John to have loved her.
Mary considered John to have loved her.
Mary reported John to have loved her.
Mary tried to go abroad.
Mary intended to go abroad.
Mary managed to go abroad.
Mary desired to go abroad.
Mary believed him to have loved her.
Mary considered him to have loved her.
It is certain that John has loved Mary.
It is likely that John has loved Mary.
There are strangers in that garden.
There are arriving three men at that station.
I consider there to be a man in that garden.
They alleged there to have been many strangers in that garden.
John wagered there to have been a stranger in that haunted house.
John tried to kiss Mary.
John persuaded Mary to kiss him.
John told Mary to kiss him.
It is illegal to park here.
I remembered him having kissed Mary.
I reported him having kissed Mary.
I reported having kissed Mary.
I enjoy taking a bath.
I detest taking a bath.
I saw him kissing Mary.
I noticed him kissing Mary.
John's refusing the offer is shocking.
the enemy's destroying the city was horrific.
John's refusal of the offer was shocking.
the enemy's destruction of the city was horrific.
I often send Mary home drunk, and she gets there just fine.
I don't think Fred will, either.
José likes cabbage, and Holly does too.
José ate cabbage, and Holly has too.
José is eating cabbage, and Holly is too.
John is leaving but Mary's not.
I consider Bill intelligent and I consider Sally not.
John wants to go on vacation, but he doesn't know when to.
Sally might have eaten cabbage, but Holly shouldn't.
José asks that we go to the meeting, and Sally will tell us when.
It's to Mary that Joe said Holly can talk.
Mary claimed that eaten cabbage, Holly hasn't.
Mary claimed that eating cabbage, Holly's not.
Mary claimed that eat cabbage, Holly wants to.
John didn't hit a home run, but I know a woman who did.
That Betsy won the batting crown is not surprising, but that Peter didn't know she did is surprising.
Lilly decided that eating cabbage, she should be.
Read Fred's story, I also want to.
Mag Wildwood came to introduce the bartender but I came not to.
Mag Wildwood came to introduce the bartender but I came precisely not to.
You should unload rifles because not to s is dangerous.
If Ron knows whether to wear a tuxedo, and Caspar knows whether not to, do they know different things?
Lucy recounted a story to remember because Holly had recounted as story not to.
Did Harry leave?
Does Joe sing?
Every man who said he would buy some salmon did.
I visited every town I had to.
Every town in every country I had to I visited.
Every man who said he would buy some salmon did buy some salmon.
Lilly should buy salmon and Mary should too.
Lilly should buy salmon and Mary should buy salmon too.
Joe's neuroses bother his patrons, and Sally's neuroses do too.
Joe likes his bar, and Sally's patrons do too.
Every picture of itself arrived.
My uncle doesn't have a spouse but your aunt does and he is lying on the floor.
I know which book Max read, and which book Oscar didn't.
This is the book of which Bill approves, and this is the one of which he doesn't.
Dulles suspected everyone who Angleton did.
While Bob read Fred, he didn't Dickens.
Sally suspected Joe, but he didn't Holly.
Sally will stand near every woman that you will.
I know which woman Holly will discuss a report about, but I don't know which woman you will.
While Truman didn't visit me, he did you.
While Truman didn't tell me a story, he did Rusty.
While José won't talk about Mag, he might about Holly.
Although Doc might tell it to you, he won't to me.
I think you need to show yourself more than you do anyone else.
While Truman doesn't want to visit every city, he does Barcelona.
Fred likes eggplants, although he likes cabbage too.
Although he likes cabbage too, Fred likes eggplants.
Fred gave flowers to his sweetie because Frank had.
China is a country that Joe wants to visit, and he will too, if he gets enough money.
Jerry wouldn't read a book by Babel, but Meryl has done so and it was pretty good.
Joe might wish he had, but this isn't a country he has visited.
While I might want to, this is the kind of thing that Harris has already suggested.
We like our friends and they do too.
We like our friends and they like our friends too.
We like our friends and they like their friends, too.
Rusty talked about himself only after Holly did.
I could find no solution, but Holly might.
Fred talked about everything before Rusty did.
Joe will go to the store, even though Fred already has.
Today there is little or no official harassment of lesbians and gays by the national government, although autonomous governments might.
The candidate was dogged by charges of infidelity and avoiding the draft, or at least trying to.
This information could have been released by Gorbachev, but he chose not to.
A lot of this material can be presented in a fairly informal and accessible fashion, and often I do.
John does not like Mary.
John tries to often meet Mary.
John tries not to meet Mary.
Is Mary running the marathon?
Mary is often running the marathon.
Mary is not running the marathon.
I didn't, as Bill had thought, go to the store.
I did, as Bill had thought, go to the store.
The writers could so believe the boy.
The writers did so believe the boy.
Rome destroyed Carthage.
Rome's destruction of Carthage was horrific.
John bought the picture of himself that Bill saw.
The perception of the problem is quite thorough.
The knowledge of the problem is quite thorough.
The sinking of the ship was very devious.
The sinking of the ship to collect the insurance was very devious.
The ship's sinking was very devious.
The testing of such drugs on oneself is too risky.
The ship was sunk to collect the insurance.
This drug must first be tested on oneself.
The president's moral destruction is complete.
The moral destruction of the president was certainly not helpful.
Mary wants to wear nice blue German dress.
Tomatoes were introduced in Europe after 1492.
We rich have impeccable taste.
I read his every book.
Every boy named a planet.
I showed every boy a planet.
Few boys read any of the books.
I showed few boys any of the books.
I was not reading a book when you came in.
A boy did not laugh.
Most boys did not laugh.
Every boy named Mercury and Venus.
Every boy named every planet.
Each student speaks two languages.
Two students speak each language.
Some tourists visited all the museums.
Fond of some boy every girl is.
A critic thinks that every book is readable.
Who does he admire?
He admires every man.
Who admires what?
Someone from every city hates it.
Some professor admires every student.
Some professor admires every student and hates the dean.
Everyone reported that Max and some lady disappeared.
Most guests will be offended if we don't invite some philosopher.
All students believe anything that many teachers say.
Who will be offended if we don't invite which philosopher?
Who believes anything that who says?
Exactly two boys kissed some girl.
Mary dates exactly two of the men who know a producer I like.
Every student has to come up with three arguments that show that some condition proposed by Bill is wrong.
If we invite some philosopher, Max will be offended.
Three relatives of mine inherited a house.
If three relatives of mine die, I will inherit a house.
Everyone attended some seminar.
Exactly half of the students attended some seminar.
More than three students attended every seminar.
Every student attended more than three seminars.
Every man lifted the table.
The men surrounded the fort.
All the men surrounded the fort.
The men lifted the table together.
A hundred men lifted the table together.
All the men lifted the table together.
Every man lifted a table.
Each man lifted a table.
Someone attended every seminar.
More than two students attended every seminar.
You married no one.
I will force you to marry no one.
Everyone had been worrying himself stiff.
Everyone who had been worrying himself stiff said that he was relieved.
There were five tourists in the room apart from myself.
Physicists like yourself are a godsend.
Max boasted that the queen invited Lucie and himself for a drink.
Which pictures of him did Earl see?
Which pictures of Earl did he see?
Bill seems to himself to be handsome.
Bill seems to him to be handsome.
John will see which picture of himself?
Each other's houses seem to the women to be garish.
Each other's houses appear to the women to be garish.
These stories about himself worry John more than anything else.
Which picture that John took at the party did he decide to display in his house?
Which report that John revised did he submit?
Mary always prefers lemons to limes.
Mary always has preferred lemons to limes.
The dog that the rat bit chased the cat.
Jean never reads this newspaper.
A gun which I had cleaned went off.
I gave a gun which I had cleaned to my brother.
I gave a gun to my brother which I had cleaned.
He let the cats out which were whining.
Who did Mary see walking toward the railroad station?
Whom did Mary see walking toward the railroad station?
Do you know the boy who Mary saw?
Do you know the boy whom Mary saw?
The government prescribes the height of the lettering on the covers of the reports.
Who did he expect to show up who I was acquainted with?
Whose book did you find?
He will put the chair between some table and some sofa.
I know who is mad at John.
I know a boy mad at John.
John is taller than Dill.
John is taller than Bill is.
I want to go.
Shaving myself is difficult for me.
The shock touched off the explosion.
The shock touched the explosion off.
I called almost all of the men from Boston up.
I ran an old man down.
He attributed the fire to a short circuit.
He attributed to a short circuit the fire which.
He threw the letter into the wastebasket.
They dismissed the proposal as too costly.
They dismissed as too costly the proposal for the State to build a sidewalk from Dartmouth to Smith.
I found to be delicious some fruit which I picked up on the way home.
I found delicious some fruit which I picked up on my way home.
Did the fact that John showed up please you?
I want the fact that Bill left to remain a secret.
I want it to remain a secret that Bill left.
What the thing which I ate cost almost broke me.
What the thing cost which I ate almost broke me.
I went out with a girl who it pleased that John showed up.
I loaned a man who was watching the race my binoculars.
She asked a man who was near the window whether it looked like rain.
He figured it out.
He figured Ann out.
He figured something out.
He figured the answer out.
He figured out the answer.
I sent him that.
I sent him something.
They gave the reports which he had brought with him to me.
I insist on seeing all the student' through who started out the term in my class.
Tom drives as that man does.
Tom drives like that man.
I know a man who Tom drives like.
Tom drives the way that that man drives.
Toms drives the way that that man does.
John is taller than that man is.
is taller than that man.
John is as tall as that man.
I know a man who John is as tall as.
Mary has never kissed a man who is taller than John is.
Mary has never kissed a man who is taller than John.
Mary has never kissed a Man taller than John.
Mary has never kissed as tall a man as John.
The brave are not afraid to die.
Drowning cats are hard to rescue.
Drowning cats is against the law.
I know a taller man than John.
The shooting of the prisoners shocked me.
He told Peter that I know a taller man than John, but Peter didn't believe it.
I divulged when Bill promised to call me, but I did so reluctantly.
I'll talk to John on Friday about the report that the shooting of the prisoners shocked me, and to his wife on Saturday.
I read a statement which was about that man.
I read a statement about that man.
The man who I read a statement about is sick.
I read that Bill had seen me.
Evidence that he was drunk will be presented.
Evidence will be presented that he was drunk.
That the defendant had been rude was stoutly denied by his lawyer.
Bill told me something awful: that ice won't sink.
This is a hat which I'm going to see to it that my wife buys.
This is a hat which I'm going to see that my wife buys.
Phineas knows a girl who is jealous of Maxime.
Phineas knows a girl who is behind Maxime.
Phineas knows a girl who is working with Maxime.
I believed the claim that Otto was wearing this hat.
I believed that Otto was wearing this hat.
The hat which I believed that Otto was wearing is red.
Rutherford understands himself.
The man who ordered ice cream said the pudding would be tasty.
The pudding which the man who ordered ice cream said would be tasty was a horror show.
The man who ordered it said the pudding would be tasty.
The sheriff denied that gangsters had bribed him.
That gangsters had bribed him was denied by the sheriff.
The money which I have hopes that the company will squander amounts to $400,000.
The money which I will have a chance to squander amounts to $400,000.
The money which I will make a proposal for us to squander amounts to $400,000.
The money which I will make a proposal that we squander amounts to $400,000.
I yawned.
Sam progressed.
Bill gave me $40.
I took a snooze.
Sam made progress.
Bill made a gift to me of $40.
Max gave the car a shove.
I have a feeling that Arch will show up.
Bob proved that this set is recursive.
Bob proved this set is recursive.
The proof that this set is recursive is difficult.
I have hopes the company will squander the money.
I have a feeling the company will squander the money.
Dick's claim that semantics is generative is preposterous.
We are discussing their claim that flying saucers are real.
Myron is making the claim that dead is better than red.
The man who was arrested by Officer Bob went mad.
Jack is claiming that you won't need it.
Jack is claiming you won't need it.
You're going to hurt yourself one of these days.
I spoke to Bill about himself.
I know a man who hates me.
I read him two statements about himself.
I know two men who are behind me.
I know two men behind me.
You are too flip with people who are jealous of you.
I screamed at some children who were watching me.
I screamed at some children watching me.
Irma washed the dishes, and Sally dried, and Floyd idled.
I went to the store and bought some whisky.
I went to the store and Nike bought some whisky.
Here's the whisky which I went to the store and bought.
Here's the whisky which I went to the store and Mike bought.
Tony has a Fiat and yearns for a tall nurse.
I went to the store and have bought some excellent whisky.
I went to the store to buy some whisky.
She's gone and ruined her dress now.
I've got to try and find that screw.
Aunt Hattie wants you to be nice and kiss your granny.
The screw which I've got to try and find holds the door to the frame.
Which granny does Aunt Hattie want me to be nice and kiss?
The boy works in a skyscraper and the girl in a quonset hut.
The luscious chick who Billy went to the movies with will wed me ere the morn.
The Ferrari which Pietro, who Sofia adores, bought from me cost him a bundle.
Sally might be pregnant, and everyone believes Sheila definitely is pregnant.
Sally might be, and everyone believes Sheila definitely is, pregnant.
Tom picked these grapes, and I washed these grapes, and Suzie will prepare these grapes.
Tom picked, and I washed, and Suzie will prepare, these grapes.
Students who fail the final exam or who do not do the reading will be executed.
Students who fail the final exam will be executed or students who do not do the reading will be executed.
John has been captured by the cops and I'm afraid he'll talk.
I heated up the coffee and Sally wiped the table off.
Although Bob may not be a nut, many people have claimed it and I think so too.
When did you get back and what did you bring me?
Make yourself comfortable.
Did Merv show up and did you play chess?
Who ate what?
What exploded when?
Who gave what to whom?
How long did this fit of generosity last and who gave what to whom?
Please make yourself comfortable and I'll wash the dishes.
You please make yourself comfortable and I'll wash the dishes.
Harry will be in the Marines next year and Herman was drafted last night.
Sasha is gobbling down dumplings faster than I can reheat them.
I want to peruse that contract before filing it away.
Fred tore the curtain in roiling it up.
The curtain which Fred tore in rolling up was the kind gift of my maternal Aunt Priscilla.
I want to peruse that contract before damaging it while filing it away.
Sasha is gobbling down dumplings faster than I can reheat the meatballs.
I want to peruse that contract before filing away the deed.
Fred tore the curtain in rolling up the wallpaper.
The dumplings which Sasha is gobbling down faster than I can reheat the meatballs are extremely tasty, if I do say so.
I suspect that the contract which I want to peruse before filing away the deed may some loopholes.
The curtain which Fred tore in rolling the wallpaper up was the kind gift of my maternal Aunt Priscilla.
The dumplings which Sasha is gobbling down faster than I can reheat them are extremely tasty, if I do say so.
Reports which the government prescribes the height of the lettering on the covers of are invariably boring.
Reports the covers of which the government prescribes the height of the lettering on almost always put me to sleep.
Reports the lettering on the covers of which the government prescribes the height of are a shocking waste of public funds.
Reports the height of the lettering on the covers of which the government prescribes should be abolished.
He has books by several Greek authors.
Which Greek authors does he have books by?
They will give me a hat which I know that I won't like.
The boy whose guardian's employee we elected president betrayed us.
I'm going to ask Bill to make the old geezer take up these points later.
These points I'm going to ask Bill to make the old geezer take up later.
The boy's guardians' employer we elected president.
We elected president the boy's guardian's employer.
Which boy's guardian's employer did we elect president?.
How carelessly have you picked up TNT?
Sheila married that tall a man.
How tall a man did Sheila marry?
On which bed does Tom sleep?
The bed on which Tom slept was hard.
Which bed did Tom sleep on?
The bed which Tom slept on was hard.
My sister arrived at a time when no buses were running, and my brother arrived at a time when no buses were running too.
Jack disappeared in a mysterious manner and the Hudson disappeared in a mysterious manner too.
The only relatives who I'd like to do away with are my aunts.
That meeting I'd like to sit in on.
For whose rights do you expect me to speak up?
One plan which I got wind of was calculated to keep us in suspense.
Did you notice which difficulties she made.
Who are you trying to get hold of?
The only offer of which I plan to take advantage will give me an eleven month paid vacation.
The scenes to which the censors took objection had to do with the mixed marriage of a woman and a giant panda.
Advantage will be taken of his offer.
His offer will be taken advantage of.
In this experiment, fourteen variables must be kept track of simultaneously.
Objection was taken to the length of our skirts.
A plan to negotiate an honorable end to the war in Vietnam was gotten wind of.
Her indiscretions were made light of.
Some rare old manuscripts have been gotten hold of.
Use was made of Gauss's polynomial lemma.
Tabs were kept on all persons entering the station.
My friends Mike talked to about politics yesterday.
To my friends Mike talked about politics yesterday.
I gave to the officer in charge the blackjack. which I had found in the cookie jar.
I am confident of, and my boss depends on, a successful outing at the track.
The boy's uncle and aunt were kissing.
Who are you gawking at?
Which hat do you believe that she never wore?
The reporters expected that the principal would fire some teacher.
That the principal would fire some teacher was expected by the reporters.
The teacher who the reporters expected that the principal would fire is a crusty old jerk.
The teacher who it was expected by the reporters that the principal would fire is a crusty old jerk.
I disliked the boy's playing the piano loudly.
The boy whose loud playing of the piano I disliked was a student.
The piano which I disliked the boy's playing loudly was badly out of tune.
The boy's loud playing of the piano drove everyone crazy.
The boy's playing the piano loudly drove everyone crazy.
That piano, the boy's loud playing of which drove everyone crazy, was badly out of tune.
Did his having played the piano surprise you?
Mike quipped that she never wore this hat.
For Anna to tickle him drives Frank crazy.
Anna's tickling him drove Frank crazy.
They are investigating all people owning parakeets.
It appears to be true that Harry likes girls.
This is the dog that chased the cat that caught the rat that ate the cheese.
Her efficient looking up of the answer pleased the boss.
She did away with her father.
It is not true that that Bob was lying was obvious.
A proof was given that the claim that John had lied had been made.
That Sam didn't pick those packages up which are to be mailed tomorrow is possible.
Which packages is it possible that Sam didn't pick up which are to be mailed tomorrow?
Sam didn't pick those packages up which are to be mailed tomorrow until it had stopped raining.
Sam picked those packages up which are to be mailed tomorrow rest might, but he didn't want to do so until it had stopped raining.
Which packages which are to be mailed tomorrow is it possible that Sam didn't pick up until it had stopped raining?
A girl came in who had worn this coat.
That that for Herschel to throw a fit would confuse the guards was obvious is not true.
It is not true that that for Herschel to throw a fit would confuse the guards was obvious.
It is not true that it was obvious that for Herschel to throw a fit would confuse the guards.
That that it would confuse the guards for Herschel to throw a fit was obvious is not true.
It is not true that that it would confuse the guards for Herschel to throw a fit was obvious.
That it was obvious that it would confuse the guards for Herschel to throw a fit is not true.
It is not true that it was obvious that it would confuse the guards for Herschel to throw a fit.
A review of this article came out yesterday.
A review came out yesterday of this article.
A review seems to have come out yesterday of this article.
Why don't you pick some review up of this article?
Ann is going to send a picture of Chairman Mao to her teacher, as soon as she gets home.
Ann is going to send a picture to her teacher of Chairman Mao, as soon as she gets home.
That a review came out yesterday of this article is catastrophic.
I'll give some to my good friend from Akron.
Around midnight I promised that he would be there.
I promised that he would be there tomorrow.
Tomorrow I promised chat he would be there.
I promised that tomorrow he would be there.
I promised that around midnight he would be there.
Beans I don't like.
Proud of him I've never been.
Beans I don't think you'll be able to convince me Harry has ever tasted in his life.
It was tomorrow that I promised that he would be there.
It is beans that I don't like.
Do you think that he sometimes went there alone?
I won't ask you to believe that he tried to force me to give her some money.
That he sometimes went there alone is certain.
Do you believe that somebody was looking for something?
I never met that man who somebody tried to kill.
I won't have any money.
Do you think that he ever went there alone?
That he ever went there alone is odd.
Tom told somebody that he wasn't sick.
Buffy couldn't do 100 push ups and somebody laughed.
I believe that the sun was out.
I believed that the sun was out.
I believed that the sun is out.
That I believed that the sun was out is obvious.
That I believed that the sun is out is obvious.
That Jack sometimes slept is impossible.
That Jack ever slept is impossible.
That the sun was out was obvious.
John scratched his arm and Mary did too.
Mary scratched her arm too.
Mary scratched John's arm too.
John scratched his arm and the boy who knew Mary scratched her arm.
John scratched his arm and the boy who Mary knew did so too.
That the fuzz wanted him worried John but it didn't worry Mary.
That the fuzz wanted him worried John, but that the fuzz wanted John didn't worry Mary.
That the police wanted him worried Johns but it didn't worry the boy who Mary knew.
John is prouder of having gone than people who don't know him would expect me to believe he would be.
John is prouder of having gone than Sally expected Joan to believe that the man who didn't shave would be.
John is prouder of having gone than I expected you to believe he would be of not having fallen asleep.
Tom knows it and Dick knows it and Harry knows it.
Tom washed the car, and Dick waxed the car.
Tom ordered bacon, and Dick ordered lettuce, and Harry ordered tomatoes.
Tom, Dick, and Harry know it.
Tom washed, and Dick waxed, and Harry polished the car.
Tom, Dick, and Harry ate, drank, and sang.
Tom ordered bacon, and Dick lettuce, and Harry tomatoes.
Tom ordered bacon, and Dick ordered lettuce, and I think that Harry ordered tomatoes.
Joe is taller than Mary is.
Joe is taller than Mary.
Joe is taller than I think Mary is.
Mike will sing if you will sing.
Mike will sing if you will.
Jim will go if he feels good.
If Jim feels good, he will go.
I gave the book to Harvey because he asked me to.
It never occurred to Harvey that I might want to leave because he is insensitive to other people's desires.
. I figured it out that she was lying.
I explained it to Bill that she was lying.
I took it for granted that she was lying.
I regret it exceedingly that she was lying.
He'll bring me a hot dog if he sees one.
If he sees a hot dog, he'll bring me one.
If he sees one; he'll bring me a hot dog.
Seven more soldiers came in after ten had left.
After ten had left, seven more soldiers came in.
Harry believes that Sally is innocent, although no one else believes it.
Although no one else believes that Sally is innocent, Harry believes it.
Although no one else believes it, Harry believes that Sally is innocent.
Webster touched a sword after Henry had done it.
After Henry had touched a sword, Webster did it.
After Henry had done it, Webster touched a sword.
If so, I've lost $500.
Harry thinks that Sally is innocent, although no one else thinks so.
Although no one else thinks that Sally is innocent, Harry thinks so.
Although no one else thinks so, Harry thinks that Sally is innocent.
Webster touched a sword after Henry had done so.
After Henry had touched a sword, Webster did so.
After Henry had done so, Webster touched a sword.
I'll work on it if I can work on it.
I'll work on it if no one else has worked on it.
I'll work on it if you do.
I'll work on it if no one else had.
I'll work on it if Same will be too.
If I can work on it, I will.
If I can, I will work on it.
The boy who Mary loves hates her.
The man who ordered a hot dog got one.
Tom says that it's going to rain but I don't believe it.
He said he would leave and now he's done it.
I think that Mort's a swell guy, and Lenny thinks so too.
Why can't the man who usually cuts the grass do so today?
Mickey and Roger have signed, and Whitey will tomorrow.
Ronald scoffs at the belief that he would run if nominated.
Romeo conceded that he and Juliet were going steady.
I lost a Japanese slide rule, and the fact that Peter now has one I regard with suspicion.
The earth is flat, but will all those who don't believe it please raise their hands?
Pilots who can fly barrel rolls say that for me to try to do it in a glider would be hazardous.
The passengers who had known that the train was not on fire said that those who had thought so had barricaded themselves in the bathrooms.
Playing with matches is; lots of fun, but doing, so and emptying gasoline from one can to another at the same time is a sport best reserved for arsons.
Swimming is fun, and I believe that people who can't should be taught to.
How brave he is!
How surprisingly well he dances!
How brave everybody must think you expect me to believe he is!
How brave they must believe that you are!
How he is brave!
Bill left when everyone will believe that the police have forced me to confess that I shot Sandra.
Bill left when I believe the bomb had just exploded.
When I am awake and Susan is asleep, Bill will leave.
Bill left when it is certain that no one else was awake.
Here's a knife for you to cut up the onions with.
I brought a razor with which to shave myself.
I brought John a razor to shave himself with.
I brought John a razor with which to shave himself.
Here's a plate for you to make Bob try to begin to force his sister to leave the cookies on.
Fluffy is sick, which few people realize.
Fluffy is sick, which I'm not sure you know Sarah expects me to believe Joan realizes.
Fluffy is sick, which I believe that few people realize.
Fluffy is sick, which it is certain that no one here realizes.
Fluffy is sick, which nobody knows.
Fluffy is sick, as not everybody knows.
It was this hat that Tom said Al thought you wanted me to make Jack put on.
What Tom said Al thought you wanted me to make Jack put on was this hat.
This hat Tom said Al thought you wanted me to make Jack put on.
It is this hat that I believe that he was wearing.
What I believe that he was wearing is this hat.
This hat I believe that he was wearing.
It is this hat that it is certain that he was wearing.
What it is certain that he was wearing is this hat.
This hat it is certain that he was wearing.
Maxwell isn't the doctor that his father was.
Maxwell isn't half the doctor that his father was.
Maxwell is the man who won the Nobel Prize for astrology.
Maxwell is quite the doctor.
Maxwell isn't much of a doctor.
Maxwell is more of a doctor than his son is.
Maxwell isn't half the doctor that feared Marge would realize Tom had confessed that he knew Bill expected him to be.
Maxwell isn't half the doctor that people around here believe that his father was.
Maxwell isn't half the doctor that I'm certain that he would be if he studied.
He's the happiest that I've ever seen him.
The hardest that it ever snowed was last January 12th.
The hardest that I think I remember him ever telling me that he had heard of it snowing around here was last January 12th.
He's the happiest that I believe that he's ever been.
The hardest that I believe that it ever snowed was last January 12th.
He is the happiest that it is believed that he has ever been.
The hardest that it is believed that it has ever snowed here was last January 12th.
Mary and an old friend who comes from Miami kissed.
I gave a picture of a covered bridge and a hundred hikers from Hoboken to my sister.
Sally might be pregnant, and I know a girl who definitely is pregnant.
Sally might be pregnant, and I believe the claim that Sheila definitely is pregnant.
Sally might be pregnant, and I believe that Sheila definitely is pregnant.
Hank plays the guitar and finds arrangements for all the old folk songs which are still sung in these hills, and Ernie writes down all the old folk songs which are still sung in these hills.
They said that Tom would pay up and he will pay up.
They said that Tom was working, and he is working.
They said that Tom would pay up, and pay up he did.
They said that Tom would pay up, and pay up he will.
They said that Tom was working, and working he is.
They said Tom would pay up, and pay up I'm sure everybody will tell you that his lawyers expect me to believe he did.
They said nobody would pay up, but I know a boy who did pay up.
They said that Tom would pay up, and pay up I believe that he did.
They said that Tom wouldn't pay up, but he did go to the bank, and he did pay up.
They said that Tom wouldn't pay up, but pay up he did go to the bank and he did.
They said that Tom would pay up, and pay up it is well-known that he did.
Although Dick is handsome, I'm still going marry Herman.
Handsome though Dick is, I'm still going to marry Herman.
Handsome though everyone expects me to try to force Bill to make Mom agree that Dick is, I'm still going to Marry Herman.
Handsome though I believe that Dick is, I'm still going to marry Herman.
The more contented we pretended to be, the more we grew angry at the doctors.
I have some papers to grade.
I have some papers to try to finish grading.
I have getting into college to consider.
Wilt is taller than I imagine anybody would ever guess that people had begun expecting Red to announce that he was.
The sofa was longer than the desk was.
The sofa was longer than the desk was long.
Wilt is taller than I believe that Bill is.
Wilt is taller than it is generally believed that Bill is.
Willy is taller than Bill by 7 millimeters.
The raise which Scrooge generously gave Tom's father increased his yearly salary by five cents.
The hare outran the tortoise by so much that he forgot the latter was even in the race any more.
Who knew Mickey would overthrow home plate by that much?
Willy is taller than Bill by that much.
John is taller than Bill by that much.
Willy is taller than Bill by as much as Joe is taller than the Dan.
Willy is taller than Bill by more than Joe is taller than Dan.
Willy is taller than Bill by as much as everybody seems to expect me to admit to having publicly proclaimed that I believed.
Willy is taller than Bill by as much a Peter believes that Billy is taller than Dan.
Willy is taller than Bill by as much as it is believed that Joe is taller than Dan.
The rock was too heavy for me to pick up.
This rock is too heavy for me to begin to decide about helping Bob to try to pick it up.
Sodium is a little too peppy for me to want to try mixing it and water in a teacup.
Bob is too thin for me to be able to squeeze into his jacket.
This rock is light enough for Marcia to pick it up.
This rock is light enough for Marcia to pick up.
The socks are ready for you to put on.
The socks are ready for you to go about beginning to put them on.
The socks are ready for you to announce that you will put them on.
The socks are ready for you to try them and the shoes on.
John is ready for you to inspect his bunk.
It is tough to play sonatas on this violin.
Sonatas are difficult to play on this violin.
Sonatas are easy to play on this violin.
Sonatas are tough to play on this violin.
This violin is easy to play sonatas on.
This violin is tough to play sonatas on.
I made John easy to get along with.
I made it easy to get along with John.
John tries to be easy to get along with.
My father, he's Armenian, and my mother, she's Greek.
I said that my father, he was tight as an owl.
My father, I hardly ever see him and my mother when they're not glaring at each other.
This guitar, I've sung folk songs and accompanied myself on it all my life.
My father, that he's lived here all his life is well-known to the cops.
My wife, somebody stole her handbag last night.
They spoke to the janitor about that robbery yesterday, the cops.
The cops spoke to him about that robbery yesterday, the janitor.
The cops spoke to the janitor about it yesterday, that robbery.
That they spoke to the janitor about that robbery yesterday, the cops, is terrible.
That the cops spoke to the janitor about it yesterday, that robbery, is terrible.
We'll do it together, you and I.
We'll do it together, you and me.
They can't stand each other, he and she.
They can't stand each other, him and her.
Him, they let him go yesterday.
Me, I like beer.
Us, we'll go together.
Them, they can't stand each other.
I saw Mary and him downtown yesterday, your friend from Boston.
I noticed his car in the driveway last night, your friend from Boston.
I spoke to him about the war yesterday, that guy who's always following us.
I just saw that girl who Long John's claim that he was a Martian made all the headlines.
All the students who the papers which they submitted were lousy I'm not going to allow to register next term.
Didn't that guy who the Game Warden and him had seen a flying saucer crack up?
Palmer is a guy who for for him to stay in school would be stupid.
King Kong is a movie which you'll laugh yourself sick if you see it.
Enrico, who is the smartest of us all, got the answer in seven seconds.
Enrico, and he is the smartest of us all, got the answer in seven seconds.
Is even Clarence, who is wearing mauve socks, a swinger?
Seven pine trees are behind that barn.
There are seven pine trees behind that barn.
That barn has seven pine trees behind it.
There will be a hole in Jack's pocket.
Jack will have a hole in his pocket.
Jack's pocket will have a hole in it.
John's quilt has a hole in its upper right-hand corner.
John has a hole in the upper right-hand corner of his quilt.
There are seven holes in the door and window.
There is a blemish on the end of Jerry's sister's nose.
Jerry's sister has a blemish on the end of her nose.
There is a hole in the rug which Toby bought in Boston.
There was an error in the proof Johns presented.
There was a snake behind the car Fred was sitting in.
John had an error in the proof he presented.
Fred had a snake behind the car Joe was sitting in.
Fred had a snake behind the car he was sitting in.
There was a yellow collar on the dog which the car injured.
There was a snake behind the car the time bomb was sitting in.
There were several hundred people yelling for me to put down gently.
The hot potato which there were several hundred people yelling for me to put down gently turned out to have been filled with TNT.
Bartlett and Toni danced.
Bartlett danced with Toni.
It bothers me for her to wear that old fedora.
I would prefer it for there to be no talking.
He gave my binoculars to that girl.
He gave that girl my binoculars.
Which girl did he give my binoculars to?
My binoculars were given to that girl by him.
Bill confirmed that Roger has eaten the cake.
Bill alleged that Roger had eaten the cake.
Bill alleged that Roger has eaten the cake.
What did Bill allege that Roger had eaten?
Waldo didn't report that anyone had left.
Anybody who ever swears at me better watch his step.
I want all the students who have ever tried to pat Fido to show me their scars.
The only travelers who anybody has ever robbed don't carry machetes.
I can't remember the name of anybody who had any misgivings.
Everybody who has ever, worked in any office which contained any typewriter which had ever been used to type any letters which had to be signed by any administrator who ever worked in any department like mine will know what I mean.
No student who ever goes to Europe ever has enough money.
I realized that it had rained and some crops had been destroyed.
I didn't realize that it had rained and some crops had been destroyed.
I didn't eat any ice cream or any cake.
John and Mary met in Vienna.
John met Mary in Vienna.
Few writers meet any playwrights in Vienna.
My brother meets few Americans in Vienna.
No writer, and no playwright, speaks clearly.
No writer, nor any playwright, speaks clearly.
Bill believes that Anna and he are similar.
Bill believes Anna and him to be similar.
I deny that it is certain that Bob has any money.
Tom will not force you to marry any student.
Tom will force you to marry no student.
The writers of none of the reports.
Tom will force you to marry no student, and neither will I.
It is not certain that you'll marry any student.
It is not certain that you'll marry any particular student.
It is certain that you'll marry no student.
That you will marry any particular student is not certain.
The man who I gave John a picture of was bald.
I gave Jack a picture of myself.
I didn't give Jack a picture of anybody.
I hope I'm not treading on anyone's toes.
Abernathy admitted that the poison pen letter had been written by my sister and him.
Abernathy admitted that the poison pen letter had been written by my sister and himself.
That the sun was out is obvious.
That anybody ever left at all is not known.
That anybody ever left at all is not certain.
That anybody ever left at all is impossible.
That anybody ever left at all is surprises me.
Tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday still tastes good.
Tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday still tastes good, so tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday will be eaten up.
Tonight, what Bob cooked yesterday still tastes good, so tonight it will be eaten up.
Martha gave Myrna an apple.
Leigh threw the ball to Lane.
Leigh threw Lane the ball.
The noise gave Terry a headache.
Jill threw the ball from home plate to third base.
Jill kicked the ball from home plate to third base.
I sent the bicycle from my house at the beach to my house in the mountains.
I shipped the bicycle from my house at the beach to my house in the mountains.
Fred threw the ball under the porch.
Fred threw the ball behind the tree.
Fred threw the ball over the fence.
Fred kicked the ball under the porch.
Fred kicked the ball behind the tree.
Fred kicked the ball over the fence.
Felicia threw the ball off the bench.
Felicia threw the ball out the window.
Felicia kicked the ball out the window.
Anne is curious as to why her father sent her a telegram to America to return home at once.
Where did you throw the ball? To third base.
Where did you send the bicycle? To Rome.
I gave the package to Maria.
I sent the package to London.
I threw the ball to Maria.
I threw the ball to the other side of the field.
Jake threw the ball all the way to Bill.
Jake threw the ball halfway to Bill.
Jake kicked the ball all the way to Bill.
Jake kicked the ball halfway to Bill.
I sent the package all the way around the world.
I sent the package to the Antarctic.
I shipped the package halfway around the world.
I shipped the package all the way around the world.
I shipped the package halfway to the Antarctic.
Give a fresh coat of paint to the front door.
One of the Jewish children is a spunky girl, who gave a black eye to the kid with the German roots before the start of the war.
The door has a fresh coat of paint.
The spunky girl has a black eye.
I promise a good time to all who come.
All who come will have a good time.
He died from exhaustion.
The water melted into ice.
The water melted to ice.
A hefty sum of money came to him from his grandfather.
The close brush with the law put the fear of god in him.
She fell in love.
She fell into a sulk.
She fell into a funk.
To whom did you give the ball?
To whom did you throw the ball?
Where did you throw the ball?
To whom did you send the package?
Where did you send the package?
Smith threw the ball to the first baseman.
Smith threw the first baseman the ball.
Smith envied Jones his good fortune.
No one can forgive you that comment.
The recession cost my grandfather a raise.
Mary taught John linguistics.
Mary taught linguistics to John.
I threw the ball to Julian, but it fell short of him.
Max offered the victims help, but they refused his offer.
Max offered help to the victims, but they refused his offer.
Sarah promised her old car to Catherine, but then gave it to her son instead.
I taught them English for an entire year, but they don't seem to have learned.
I read him the figures, but when I looked up, he was gone.
I throw you a lifeline and you giggle.
I kicked him the ball, but the wind blew it astray.
I threw Mary the ball, but she was looking at the birds flying overhead and didn't even notice.
I threw the ball to Mary, but she was looking at the birds flying overhead and didn't even notice.
Lewis shipped Sam a bicycle, but it never arrived.
Lewis sent Sam a bicycle, but it never arrived.
The police read the detainees' rights to them, but not a single one was paying attention.
I wrote a letter to Blair, but I tore it up before I sent it.
The police read the detainees their rights, but not a single one was paying attention.
I wrote Blair a letter, but I tore it up before I sent it.
Ann copied the manuscript, but she didn't finish it.
Alex read the newspaper for an hour.
Alex read the newspaper in an hour.
Sandy taught the children the alphabet, but only got as far as the letter `` r ''.
Maxine read the children Goodnight Moon, but they fell asleep before she got to the end.
Interviewing Richard Nixon gave Norman Mailer a book.
Nixon's behavior gave Mailer an idea for a book.
Nixon's behavior gave an idea for a book to every journalist living in New York City in the 1970s.
We gave a fresh coat of paint to the house.
The five `` soundscape '' pieces gave a festive air to Park Square.
Gordie Gillespie still can give a piece of his mind to the umps.
I sent the salesman to the devil.
Nixon's behavior gave an idea for a book to every journalist living in New York.
The music lent a festive air to the party.
It is very difficult to get an idea for a book simply from an interview.
It is unreadable, guaranteed to give a headache to anyone who looks hard at the small print.
`` Doing my taxes '' gives a headache to 22 percent of Americans surveyed for Pfizer, which makes tylenol pain relief medicine.
Lopez says that he has done more than simply give a fresh coat of paint to the site.
I think it's time you give your lovely illness to someone else!
Sharon sprayed the plants with water.
The farmer loaded apples into the cart.
Monica covered the baby with a blanket.
Carla poured lemonade into the pitcher.
The farmer dumped apples into the cart.
The window broke.
The little boy broke the window.
A rabbit appeared out of the magician's hat.
Martha carved a toy out of wood for the baby.
Martha carved some wood into a toy for the baby.
Margaret cut the bread.
Janet broke the vase.
Terry touched the cat.
Carla hit the door.
Crystal vases break easily.
Margaret cut at the bread.
Carla hit at the door.
Margaret cut Bill's arm.
Margaret cut Bill on the arm.
Janet broke Bill's finger.
Terry touched Bill's shoulder.
Terry touched Bill on the shoulder.
Carla hit Bill's back.
Carla hit Bill on the back.
Jean moved the table.
Margaret cut the string.
a The butcher cuts the meat.
The meat cuts easily.
Janet broke the crystal.
Crystal breaks at the slightest touch.
Kelly adores French fabrics.
Joan knew the answer.
Bill pounded the metal.
Bill pounded the metal fiat.
This metal won't pound flat.
The cup broke.
They gave the bicycle to me.
Sylvia jumped the horse over the fence.
The horse jumped over the fence.
The scientist ran the rats through the maze.
The rats ran through the maze.
The bell rang.
They stood the statue on the pedestal.
The statue stood on the pedestal.
The army lodged the soldiers in the schoolhouse.
Heat radiates from the sun.
The sun radiates heat.
The departing passenger waved at the crowd.
I shaved my face.
I shaved.
Celia braided her hair.
Jill dressed hurriedly.
Tessa cut herself.
We loaded ourselves onto the bus.
We loaded onto the bus.
We pulled ourselves free.
Anne met Cathy.
Anne and Cathy met.
Brenda and Molly chatted.
The drunk hugged the lamppost.
Italy touches France.
Italy and France touch.
Ellen and Helen argued.
The sign warned us against skating on the pond.
The sign warned against skating on the pond.
for discussion of the same phenomenon in Russian.
That dog bites people.
That dog bites.
I cut the bread with this knife.
This knife cut the bread.
This knife doesn't cut.
These shears clip well.
This machine records well.
This oven cooks well.
This lotion softens, soothes, and protects.
This polish cleans, protects, and shines.
This key won't open the Jock.
This hammer won't break the window.
They pushed their way through the crowd.
They pushed through the crowd.
Bake for 30 minutes.
Paula hit the fence.
Paula hit at the fence.
Faustina sprayed the lilies.
I pushed the table.
I pushed at the table.
I pushed on the table.
I pushed against the table.
The mouse nibbled the cheese.
The mouse nibbled at the cheese.
The mouse nibbled on the cheese.
Martha climbed up the mountain.
Martha climbed the mountain.
They skated along the canals.
They skated the canals.
The spaceship revolves around the earth.
Martha slowly descended the stairs.
Jill met Sarah.
Jill embraced Sarah.
Bill sold Tom a car.
Bill sent a package London.
Bill sent Tom a package.
Martha carved a toy for the baby.
Martha carved the baby a toy.
The architect selected a house for the couple.
Jack sprayed paint on the wall.
Jack sprayed the wall with paint.
June covered the baby with a blanket.
Henry cleared dishes from the table.
Henry cleared the table of dishes.
The thief stole the painting from the museum.
The doctor cured Pat of pneumonia.
Helen wiped the wall.
Bees are swarming in the garden.
The garden is swarming with bees.
Clouds cleared from the sky.
The sky cleared.
Martha carved the piece of wood into a toy.
David constructed a house out of.
David constructed a house from bricks.
I whipped the eggs into a froth.
The witch turned him into a frog.
An oak tree will grow from that acorn.
The witch turned him from a prince into a frog.
He turned from a prince into a frog.
The car collided with the fence.
I separated the yolk from the white.
I separated the yolk and the white.
I mixed the sugar and the butter.
I confused Maria with Anna.
I confused Maria and Anna.
Linda taped the label to the cover.
Harriet alternated folk songs with pop songs.
I broke the twig and the branch apart.
Brenda agreed with Molly.
Brenda and Molly agreed.
The oil separated from the vinegar.
The oil and vinegar separated.
Bill and Kathy married.
The twig broke off of the branch.
The eggs and the cream mixed together.
The twig and the branch broke apart.
The judge presented the winner with a prize.
The judge offered a prize to the winner.
The judge saddled the winner with a prize.
The jeweller inscribed the name on the ring.
The jeweller inscribed the ring with the name.
The jeweller copied the name on the ring.
The jeweller decorated the ring with the name.
Brian hit the fence with the stick.
Don swatted the mosquito with the newspaper.
Alison pierced the cloth with a needle.
Paula hit the fence with the stick.
Mira blamed the accident on Terry.
Mira blamed Terry for the accident.
Ida hunted the woods for deer.
Ida hunted for deer in the woods.
Ida hunted deer in the woods.
Melissa searched the papers for a clue.
Melissa searched for a clue in the papers.
I stalked the woods for game.
I stalked game in the woods.
We rummaged through the desk for papers.
Selina touched the horse on the back.
Selina touched the horse's back.
The horse kicked Penny in the shin.
The horse kicked Penny's shin.
Alison poked Daisy in the ribs.
Alison poked Daisy's ribs.
The horse broke Penny's shin.
The glass cut Rachel's toe.
They praised the volunteers' dedication.
They praised the volunteers for their dedication.
I admired him for his courage.
The inspector analyzed the building's soundness.
The inspector analyzed the building for its soundness.
I admired his honesty.
I admired the honesty in him.
I admired him for his honesty.
I sensed the eagerness in him.
Mark terrified me with his single mindedness.
Mark's single mindedness terrified me.
The clown amused the children with his antics.
The clown's antics amused the children.
Meat fell in price.
The price of meat fell.
The president appointed Smith press secretary.
The president appointed Smith as press secretary.
Angela characterized Shelly as a lifesaver.
The world saw the beginning of a new era in 1492.
1492 saw the beginning of a new era.
I dried the clothes in the sun.
The sun dried the clothes.
David broke the window with a hammer.
The crane loaded the truck.
He established his innocence with the letter.
The letter established his innocence.
I filled the pail with water.
Water filled the pail.
We sleep five people in each room.
Each room sleeps five people.
I incorporated the new results into the paper.
The paper incorporates the new results.
That whole wheat flour bakes wonderful bread.
I bought you a ticket for $5.
$5 will buy a ticket.
$5 will buy you a ticket.
The contractor will build a house for $ 100,000.
The contractor will build you a house for $ 100,000.
$ 100,000 will build you a house.
$ 100,000 will build a house.
The middle class will benefit from the new tax laws.
The new tax laws will benefit the middle class.
The middle class will gain from the new tax laws.
The butcher cuts the meat.
The butler polished the silver.
This silver polishes itself.
The audience watched the movie.
This window just opens itself.
The heat melted the ice cream.
This book just sells itself.
I presented a solution to the problem yesterday.
A solution to the problem presented itself yesterday.
The cook sliced the mushrooms.
The mushrooms were sliced by the cook.
Columbus believed the earth to be round.
Columbus believed that the earth was round.
It was believed that the earth was round.
The police kept tabs on the suspect.
Tabs were kept on the suspect.
The lax supervision was taken advantage of.
This bed was slept in by George Washington.
The pillow remained stuffed with feathers.
A flowering plant is on the windowsill.
There is a flowering plant on the windowsill.
A problem developed.
There developed a problem.
A ship appeared on the horizon.
There appeared a ship on the horizon.
A little boy darted into the room.
There darted into the room a little boy.
A little boy ran in the yard.
An ancient treasure trove was found in this cave.
There was found in this cave an ancient treasure trove.
Suddenly an ugly old man entered the hall.
Suddenly there entered the hall an ugly old man.
A lot of snow melted on the streets of Chicago.
On the windowsill is a flowering plant.
In the woods lives an old woman.
A cat jumped onto the table.
A cat jumped on the table.
A choir sang in the church.
In the church sang a choir.
In this cave was found an ancient treasure trove.
A violent demonstration took place in the main square.
Sarah smiled.
Sarah sang.
Sarah sang a song.
Sarah sang a ballad.
Sarah sang an aria.
Sarah sang a hymn.
Sarah sang the anthem.
Heather snorted.
Kelly buttered the bread.
Kelly buttered the bread with unsalted butter.
Linda taped the box with two-sided tape.
The men were able to mine more gold.
Pauline smiled her thanks.
Sandra beamed.
She mumbled.
She mumbled her adoration.
They shopped their way around New York.
He worked his way through the book.
She stipulated her way out of the problem.
The boy pushed his way through the crowd.
The explorers cut their way through the jungle.
The silversmith pounded the metal flat.
Pauline hammered the metal flat.
Jasmine pushed the door open.
The guests drank the teapot dry.
Amanda burned the stove black.
Belinda walked the soles off her shoes.
Philippa cried herself to sleep.
The river froze solid.
The door slid shut.
The metal was hammered flat.
The door was pushed open.
Philippa cried her eyes dry.
Fanny pulled the blanket over herself.
Fanny pulled the blanket over her.
The truck rumbled.
The truck rumbled into the driveway.
Audrey tiptoed to the door.
The couple waltzed to the window.
The clown wobbled down the hall.
Leona pushed the cart to the market.
It is rumored that he left town.
Jennifer craned her neck.
They've got it made.
The teacher meant well.
The horse wouldn't budge.
Would the horse budge if you pushed?
I put books on the table.
I put the books on the table.
Cheryl stood the books next to the magazines.
Cheryl stood the books on the shelf.
Cheryl stood the tall books on the table.
Cheryl stood the books on the table.
The books stood on the table.
I funneled the mixture into the bottle.
I lifted the books.
I lifted the book onto the table.
I lifted the book onto the out of the box.
I lifted the books from the floor to the table.
I lifted the books onto the table.
I lifted the books to him.
I lifted the books up to him.
Tamara poured water into the bowl.
Tamara poured water over the flowers.
Tamara poured water out of the pitcher.
Tamara poured water onto the plants.
Water poured onto the plants.
Cora coiled the rope around the post.
The rope coiled around the post.
That kind of rope coils easily around the post.
Jessica loaded boxes onto the wagon.
Jessica loaded boxes into the wagon.
Jessica sprayed paint onto the table.
Jessica sprayed paint under the table.
Jessica sprayed paint over the table.
Jessica sprayed paint on the wall.
Paint sprayed on the wall.
Jessica sprayed the wall with paint.
Jessica squirted water at me.
Jessica sprayed water at me.
Jessica splashed water at me.
Leslie staffed the store with employees.
The employees staffed the store.
Leigh swaddled the baby with blankets.
Lora buttered the toast.
Lora buttered the toast with unsalted butter.
Lydia pocketed the change.
Doug removed the scratches from the tabletop.
Doug removed the scratches from around the sink.
The king banished the general from the army.
The king banished the general to a mountain fortress.
Doug cleared the dishes from under the rack.
Doug cleared the table.
The strong winds cleared the skies.
The strong winds slowly cleared the clouds from the sky.
Brian wiped the fingerprints from the counter.
Brian wiped the fingerprints from inside the cupboard.
Brian wiped the fingerprints from under the cupboard.
Brian wiped the fingerprints from outside the cupboard.
Brian wiped the counter.
Paula trimmed the bush.
Brian was wiping the counter.
Brian was wiping.
Brian was wiping the wall behind the stove.
Carla shoveled the snow from the walk.
Carla shoveled the snow from under the bushes.
Carla shoveled the snow from among the bushes.
Carla shoveled the snow from near the bushes.
Carla was shoveling the walk.
Carla was shoveling.
Carla mopped the floor under the furniture.
Carla mopped under the furniture.
The thief stole the painting for Mr. Smith.
The swindler cheated Pat of her fortune.
The cook boned the fish.
The men mined the gold.
Nora sent the book from Paris.
Nora sent the book to London.
Nora sent the book from Paris to London.
Nora sent the book to Peter.
Nora sent books to children.
Carla slid the books across the table.
Carla slid the book to Dale.
Carla slid Dale the book.
The books slid across the table.
Carla slid those books across the table.
Those books slide across the table easily.
Nora brought the book to the meeting.
Nora brought the book to Pamela.
Nora brought the book from horne.
Nora brought Pamela the book.
Amanda carried the package.
Amanda carried the package from Boston.
Amanda carried the package to New York.
Amanda carried the package from Boston to New York.
Amanda carried packages to New York.
Amanda carried packages.
Amanda drove the package from Boston to New York.
Amanda drove the package to New York.
Amanda drove the package from Boston.
Amanda drove the package.
Amanda drove the package to Pamela.
Amanda drove packages to New York.
Amanda drove packages.
Nora pushed the chair.
Nora pushed at the chair.
Nora pushed on the chair.
Nora pushed against the chair.
Nora pushed through the crowd.
Nora pushed her way through the crowd.
Nora pushed the chair against the wall.
They lent a bicycle to me.
They lent me a bicycle.
We contributed our paycheck to her.
We offered her a job.
Brown presented Jones with a plaque.
The presentation of a plaque was a proud moment.
Brown equipped Jones with a camera.
Carmen bought a dress.
Carmen bought a dress at Bloomingdale's.
Carmen bought a dress for Mary.
Carmen bought a dress from Diana.
Carmen bought a dress at Bloomingdale 's for $50.
$50 won't even buy a dress at Bloomingdale's.
Carmen obtained the spare part.
Carmen obtained a spare part from Diana.
Carmen purchased a dress at Bloomingdale's for $50.
$50 won't even purchase a dress at Bloomingdale's.
Gwen exchanged the dress for a shirt.
Gwen exchanged the dress for Mary.
The children like to berry in the summer.
She held his arm.
She held him by the arm.
Michelle kept the papers in the desk.
Michelle kept the papers behind the desk.
Michelle kept the papers over the desk.
Michelle kept the papers under the desk.
Frances hid the presents from Sally.
Frances hid the presents behind the books.
Steve tossed the ball.
Steve tossed the ball into the garden.
Steve tossed the ball over the fence.
Steve tossed the ball from the tree to the gate.
Steve tossed the ball at Anna.
Steve tossed the ball to Anna.
Steve tossed the ball against the wall.
Steve tossed the softball.
Steve pelted Anna with acorns.
Steve pelted Anna.
Steve pelted the squirrels with acorns.
Paula hit the stick on the fence.
Paula hit the stick against the fence.
Paula hit at the fence with the stick.
Paula hit Deirdre on the back.
Paula hit Deirdre's back.
Paula hit the sticks together.
The stick hit the fence.
Paula swatted the fly with the cloth.
Paula swatted the fly.
Paula swatted at the fly.
Paula swatted Deirdre on the back.
Paula swatted Deirdre's back.
Paula swatted flies.
Paula swatted the fly with a cloth.
Paula spanked the naughty child with her right hand.
Paula spanked the naughty child on the back.
Paula spanked the naughty child's back.
Paula spanked the naughty child.
The old cart banged against the new cart.
The old and new carts banged together.
Alison poked the needle through the cloth.
Alison poked the needle into the cloth.
Alison poked the cloth with a needle.
Alison poked the cloth.
Alison poked the needle through the denim.
Carrie touched the cat.
Carrie touched the cat with the stick.
Carrie touched him on the shoulder.
Carrie touched the fence with a stick.
Carol cut the bread with a knife.
Carol cut the bread.
Carol cut at the bread.
Carol cut herself on the thumb.
Carol cut her thumb.
Carol cut the whole wheat bread.
Whole wheat bread cuts easily.
The knife cut the bread.
This knife cuts well.
Carol carved the stone with a chisel.
Carol carved the stone.
Carol carved the tree's branch.
Carol carved the marble.
Marble carves easily.
Carol carved the marble with a chisel.
The chisel carved the marble.
That chisel carved the statue.
That chisel carves well.
Herman mixed the eggs with the cream.
Herman mixed the eggs and the cream.
The eggs mixed with the cream.
The eggs and the cream mixed.
Herman mixed the eggs and the cream together.
I mixed the soap into the water.
I mixed the soap and the water.
I mixed the eggs with cream.
I mixed the eggs and cream.
I mixed the eggs and cream together.
Harriet alternated folk songs and pop songs.
Plays alternate with ballets.
Plays and ballets alternate.
Harriet interconnected the pieces.
Herman whipped the cream.
Linda taped the label and the cover together.
The child clung to her mother.
The yolk separated from the white.
The yolk and the white separated.
I separated the cream from the milk.
I separated the egg yolk and the egg white.
I separated the egg yolks and the egg whites.
I broke the twig off the branch.
I broke the twig off of the branch.
I broke twigs off those branches.
I broke twigs off of those branches.
I broke those twigs and branches apart.
I detached the handle.
I detached the handle from the box.
I detached that new handle.
I detached that new handle from the box.
That new handle detaches easily.
The winter schedule differed from the spring schedule.
This flyer differs from that flyer.
Phyllis dyed the dress.
Smith inscribed his name over the door.
Smith inscribed his name under the picture.
Smith inscribed the ring with his name.
Smith was annealing the rings.
Smith was annealing.
The jeweller printed the name on the ring.
The jeweller printed the name over the door.
The jeweller printed the name under the picture.
The jeweller printed the name onto the cup.
The jeweller scribbled his name on the contract.
Smith was scribbling his notes.
Smith was scribbling.
The jeweller decorated the ring.
The secretary transcribed the speech.
The secretary transcribed the speech into the record.
Martha carved a toy out of the piece of wood.
Martha carves.
Martha carved a toy out of a piece of wood for the baby.
Martha carved a piece of wood for the baby.
Martha carved a piece of wood into a toy for the baby.
Martha carved beautiful toys out of this wood.
This wood carves beautiful toys.
$100,000 will build you a house.
$100,000 will build a house.
The gardener grew an oak tree from that acorn.
Donna fixed a sandwich.
Donna fixed a sandwich for me.
Donna fixed me a sandwich.
David constructed a house.
David constructed a house out of bricks.
David constructed the house.
I shaped the dough into a loaf.
I shaped the dough.
I twirled the dough into a pretzel.
Sandy sang a song to me.
Sandy sang me a song.
Sandy sang a song for me.
Sandy sang a song.
Sandy sang.
Racial inequality engenders conflict.
The captain named the ship Seafarer.
The president declared Smith press secretary.
The press conjectured that Smith would be the appointee.
Dina posed as a lawyer.
Miriam tutored her brother.
Her cousin clerked for Judge Davis.
I see someone running down the street.
I saw Jane run down the street.
I saw the Mona Lisa.
We peered at the baby.
We peered around the room.
We peered through the screen.
We peered into the closet.
That pea soup tasted delicious to me.
The clown amused the children.
The clown amused the little children.
Little children amuse easily.
That joke never fails to amuse little children.
That joke never fails to amuse.
That the clown had a red nose amused the children.
To win the prize :would thrill me.
The clown was amusing to the children.
Tourists admire paintings.
I admired him as a teacher.
Megan marveled at the beauty of the Grand Canyon.
Dorothy needs new shoes.
Dorothy needs her skills.
Dorothy needs her for her skills.
Dorothy needs that dress as a costume.
Dana longs for a sunny day.
Dana is longing for a sunny day.
They praised the volunteers.
The director praised the volunteers.
They praised them as volunteers.
I hunted game in the woods.
I was hunting game.
I was hunting game in the woods.
I was hunting in the woods.
I was hunting.
I searched for treasure in the cave.
We rummaged in the drawer for important documents.
I hunted the secret out of him.
Brenda haggled with Molly.
Brenda and Molly haggled.
Brenda and Molly haggled about the party.
Bill married Kathy.
Brenda and Molly met.
Anne met with Cathy.
Wanda taught the students.
Wanda taught French to the students.
Wanda taught the students French.
Wanda taught the students that the earth was round.
Ellen told a story.
Ellen told a story to Helen.
Ellen told Helen a story.
Ellen told Helen.
Ellen told Helen about the situation.
Susan whispered.
Susan whispered to Rachel.
Susan whispered a few words.
Susan whispered the news to Rachel.
Susan whispered for me to come.
Susan whispered "Shut up".
Susan whispered "Shut up" at them.
They whispered that the winner would be announced tonight.
Heather cabled the news.
Heather cabled Sara.
Heather cabled the news to Sara.
Heather cabled Sara the news.
Heather cabled Sara about the situation.
Heather cabled for Sara to come.
Ellen talked.
Ellen talked with Helen about the problem.
Ellen talked with Helen.
Ellen and Helen talked.
Ellen and Helen talked together.
Ellen was conferring.
Ellen conferred with Helen.
Ellen conferred with Helen about the problem.
Ellen and Helen conferred.
Ellen said to Helen that melons were selling well.
Ellen said something.
Ellen said something to Helen.
Ellen complained to Helen.
Ellen complained about the situation.
Ellen complained about the situation to Helen.
Ellen warned Helen.
Ellen warned against skating on thin ice.
Ellen warned Helen that melons were selling.
Ellen warned that melons were selling.
Ellen warned Helen about the traffic jam.
The dog barked.
The dog barked at the cat.
Cynthia ate the peach.
Cynthia ate.
Cynthia ate at the peach.
Cynthia ate the peach with a fork.
Cynthia nibbled the carrot .
Cynthia nibbled .
Cynthia nibbled at the carrot .
Cynthia gobbled the pizza .
Cynthia gobbled the pizza down .
Cynthia devoured the pizza .
Cynthia lunched.
Cynthia lunched on peaches.
Cynthia munched on peaches.
Teresa bottle fed the baby.
Teresa bottle fed soy milk to the baby.
Teresa bottle fed the baby soy milk.
Paul yawned.
Paul breathed.
Paul exhaled.
Paul laughed.
She laughed from embarrassment.
Linda winked her eye.
Linda winked.
Linda winked at the audience.
Linda winked in agreement.
Jennifer shook her finger at the naughty child.
The princess bowed.
The princess bowed to the queen.
Gloria dozed.
Sharon flinched.
Sharon flinched at the sight of the accident.
Sharon shivered.
Sharon shivered from fear.
Sharon shivered at the thought of the cold sea.
The pirates drowned the sailor.
The sailor drowned.
The sea monster drowned the sailors.
My eyes are itching.
My eyes are itching me.
My eyes are itching from the smoke.
My heart is pounding.
My heart is pounding from fear.
Tessa sprained her ankle.
Sharon fainted.
Sharon fainted at the sight of the accident.
The baby dressed.
Marlene dressed the baby.
Marlene dressed herself.
The barber shaved my chin.
I shaved my chin.
Celia brushed the baby's hair.
Celia brushed her hair.
She always wore purple dresses.
She spruced herself up before the job interview.
She spruced up before the job interview.
She was always clad in black.
Brutus murdered Julius Caesar.
The bandits murdered innocent victims.
Brutus murdered Julius Caesar with a dagger.
The exterminator killed the insects with DDT.
The witch poisoned Snow White.
The jewel sparkled.
Jewels sparkled on the crown.
The crown sparkled with jewels.
A magnificent diamond sparkled on his finger.
On his finger sparkled a magnificent diamond.
On his finger there sparkled a magnificent diamond.
The door hinges squeaked.
Birds sang in the trees.
The trees sang with birds.
In the hallway ticked a grandfather clock.
In the hallway there ticked a grandfather clock.
I buzzed the bell.
The bell chimed the hour.
A squeaking door announced John's presence.
The onions reeked.
The room reeked of onions.
The room reeked.
The well gushed oil.
I bled him.
Oil gushed from the well.
The streets gushed with water.
A fragrant stew bubbled over the fire.
Caesar put a gushing fountain by his palace.
The Romans destroyed the city.
The builders destroyed the warehouse with explosives.
The explosives destroyed the warehouse.
The builders destroyed the warehouse.
Tony broke the window.
Tony broke the crystal vase.
Tony broke the window with a hammer.
Tony broke the cup against the wall.
Tony broke her arm.
Tony bent the rod with pliers.
The rod bent.
Tony bent the copper rod.
Copper rods bend easily.
The pliers bent the rod.
Tony bent the rod against the table.
Tony bent Mary's arm.
The potatoes baked.
Jennifer baked Idaho potatoes.
Idaho potatoes bake beautifully.
Jennifer baked the potatoes in the oven.
This oven bakes potatoes well.
Bill dried the clothes.
The clothes dried.
Bill dried the cotton clothes.
Cotton clothes dry easily.
Bill dried the clothes with a hair dryer.
The hair dryer dried the clothes.
A lot of clothes are drying on the line.
Bill is drying a lot of clothes on the line.
The roses bloomed.
The temperature soared.
Cornelia lodged with the Smiths.
Cornelia lodged at Mrs. Parker's.
An old woman lodged at Mrs. Parker's.
Squatters lodged in these abandoned buildings.
The soldiers lodged in the schoolhouse.
An old woman lived in the forest.
Unicorns don't exist.
There exists a solution to this problem.
In the forest languished an old woman.
A crowd of people remained in the square.
The beer bubbled.
A fire raged in the mountains.
In the mountains there raged a fire.
A fire raged all through the mountains.
All through the mountains raged a fire.
Roses flowered in the garden.
The garden flowered with roses.
A fire raged over the fields.
A large flag fluttered.
A large flag fluttered over the fort.
Many flags fluttered over the fort.
Over the fort there fluttered a large flag.
Over the fort fluttered a large flag.
The tree trembled.
The flag waved.
The hall is echoing with voices.
A loud cry echoed through the hall.
Through the hall there echoed a loud cry.
Through the hall echoed a loud cry.
The music echoed.
A striped fish swam in the aquarium.
In the aquarium swam a striped fish.
In the aquarium there swam a striped fish.
The cattle are herding in the pasture.
The cattle herded.
I herded the cattle.
The bag is bulging with groceries.
The bag is bulging.
A statue of Jefferson stood on the comer.
There stood on the comer a statue of Jefferson.
A statue of Jefferson stood on the comer of the two boulevards.
On the comer of the two boulevards stood a statue of Jefferson.
The hanging gardens are a sight to behold.
The river runs from the lake to the sea.
The stream winds through the valley.
The stream crawls through the valley.
Through the valley ran a rushing stream.
There ran through the valley a rushing stream.
Italy borders France.
Snow caps the mountain.
A ship appeared.
A large ship appeared on the horizon.
On the horizon appeared a large ship.
A solution immediately presented itself.
A solution immediately presented itself to him.
A wonderful opportunity presented itself yesterday.
I presented a solution yesterday.
A solution presented itself yesterday.
The crowd vanished.
A valuable 13th-century manuscript recently vanished from the library.
The rabbit vanished into thin air.
A serious accident happened yesterday.
There happened a serious accident yesterday.
A serious accident happened in front of them.
In front of them happen.
The accident happened.
Sylvia squirmed.
The dog flopped onto the bed.
The dog flopped in the comer.
A dog lay in the comer.
A dog lay in the corner.
The convict escaped.
The convict escaped from the police.
The convict escaped the police.
We abandoned the area.
The ball rolled.
The ball rolled down the hill.
The ball rolled over the hill.
The ball rolled into the gutter.
Bill rolled the ball down the hill.
The horse jumped over the stream.
The horse jumped across the stream.
The horse jumped into the stream.
The horse jumped out of the stream.
The lions jumped through the hoop.
The horse jumped the stream.
A little white rabbit jumped out of the box.
There jumped out of the box a little white rabbit.
We walked ourselves into a state of exhaustion.
Tom ran the soles off his shoes.
He skated Penny around the rink.
They rowed.
He rowed Penny across the lake.
Penny rowed across the lake.
They rowed along the canals of Venice.
They rowed the canals of Venice.
They waltzed.
She waltzed across the floor.
He waltzed her across the floor.
Jackie chased after the thief.
Jackie chased the thief down the street.
Jackie chased the thief.
Sasha lingered in the museum.
Sasha lingered over lunch.
Maggie hurried through the museum.
Her sister hurried.
Maggie hurried her sister.
The package weighed ten pounds.
I weighed the package.
The book costs $10.
The phone company billed me $10 for that phone call.
The phone company billed me $10.
The meeting began at 4 P.M.
I began the meeting at 4 P.M.
Wilma completed the assignment.
My family always summers at the seashore.
The man kicked a ball.
A man kicked the ball.
The ball kicked a man.
A ball kicked the man.
The ball, a man kicked.
The man, a ball kicked.
Kim is fond of Lee.
In January 2002, a dull star in an obscure constellation suddenly became 600,000 times more luminous than our Sun, temporarily making it the brightest star in our galaxy.
The man kicked the ball.
The tall man kicked the ball.
The handsome, tall man kicked the ball.
The handsome, tall, nice man kicked the ball.
Some sentences can go on.
Some sentences can go on and on.
Some sentences can go on and on and on.
Some sentences can go on and on and on and on.
All native speakers have a grammatical competence which can generate an infinite set of grammatical sentences from a finite set of resources.
Do not end a sentence with a preposition.
Avoid double negatives.
The student was hoping for a good clue.
The clue that John got was more helpful than the one that Smith got.
The student was hoping for a tool.
The tool that Jones got was more helpful than the one that Smith got.
much evidence is needed.
much equipment is needed.
much information is needed.
much furniture is needed.
much advice is needed.
The paper provides many clues.
The box contains many tools.
John offers many suggestions.
little evidence was provided.
little equipment is available.
John offers little advice.
little information was provided.
few clues could be found.
John offers few suggestions.
The room contains few armchairs.
The president was hoping for a good cake.
The bartender gave John some good beers.
No one knows how to tell from a good beer to a bad one.
My pastor says I ate too much cake.
The students drank too much beer last night.
People now drink less beer.
In English, the main verb agrees with the head element of the subject.
Visiting relatives can be boring.
He said that that ` that ' that that man used was wrong.
Kim and Sandy is looking for a new bicycle.
I have never put the book.
The boat floated down the river sank.
Chris must liking syntax.
There is eager to be fifty students in this class.
What is John eager to do?
What is John easy to do?
Is the boy who holding the plate can see the girl?
Which chemical did you mix the hydrogen peroxide and?
There seem to be a good feeling developing among the students.
Strings have been pulled many times to get students into that university.
He washed himself.
He washed me.
He washed us.
Wash yourself.
Wash yourselves.
Wash me!
The weather is lovely today.
I am hoping that the weather is lovely today.
The birds are singing because the weather is lovely today.
They read the book.
He treats John very.
He walked right the wall.
They have no TV.
They have no car.
They have no information.
They have no friend.
They can sing.
They can run.
They can smile.
They can cry.
They read the new book.
They read the interesting book.
They read the scientific book.
He treats John very nicely.
He treats John very badly.
He treats John very kindly.
He walked right into the wall.
John sang a song, Mary played the piano.
We found out that very lucrative jobs were in jeopardy.
I think learning English is not easy at all.
I doubt you can help me in understanding this.
I think that learning English is not all that easy.
I doubt if you can help me in understanding this.
I am anxious for you to study English grammar hard.
John not leave.
John drink beer last night.
John leave for Seoul tomorrow?
John will study syntax, and Mary, too.
He left.
He did not leave.
Students wanted to write a letter.
Students intended to surprise the teacher.
Students objected to the teacher.
Students sent letters to the teacher.
It is crucial for John to show an interest.
It is crucial that John should show an interest.
I know I should go to the dentist's, but I just don't want to.
I don't really want to go to the dentist's, but I know I should.
She thought it was likely that everyone might fit into the car.
She thought it was easy for everyone to fit into the car.
The umpire called off the game.
The umpire called the game off.
The two boys looked the word up.
The umpire fell off the deck.
The two boys looked up the high stairs.
The two boys looked up the high stairs from the floor.
The umpire called it of.
The umpire fell off it.
A tall boy threw the ball.
The cat chased the long string.
That ball hit a student.
The piano played a song.
The piano kicked a student.
That ball sang a student.
The tall, handsome man kicked the ball.
The tall, kind, handsome man kicked the ball.
The happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy man sang a song.
The mother of the boy and the girl is arriving soon.
The mother of the boy and the girl are arriving soon.
John saw the man with a telescope.
We need more intelligent leaders.
The student enjoyed his English syntax class last semester.
The policeman met several young students in the park last night.
It was the policeman that met several young students in the park last night.
It was several young students that the policeman met in the park last night.
It was last night that the policeman met several young students in the park.
Where did the policeman meet several young students?
What did you put in your box?
Where did you put the book?
What did you do?
John looked up the inside of the chimney.
John looked up the meaning of ` chanson '.
What did he look up?
Where did he look?
Up what did he look?
What do you think the man who is standing by the door is doing now?
What do you think he is doing now?
Have you been to Seoul?
John might go home, so might Bill.
John might pass the exam, and as might Bill.
If John can speak French fluently – which we all know he can – we will have no problems.
John asked me to put the clothes in the cupboard, and to annoy him I really stuffed them there.
John asked me to put the clothes in the cupboard, and to annoy him I stuffed them there.
The girls played in the water and swam under the bridge.
The children were neither in their rooms nor on the porch.
Many people drink beer or wine.
liked ice cream.
The monkey wants to leave the meeting.
The monkeys approved of their leader.
The men practice medicine.
John read the book loudly.
John sounded happy.
John felt proud that his son won the game.
The monkeys seem eager to leave the meeting.
John seems certain about the bananas.
John came from Seoul.
They put the book in the box.
They stayed in the hotel.
The fly fell into the soup.
The squirrel ran straight.
The squirrel ran right up the tree.
This handsome man chased a dog.
A man kicked that ball.
That tall woman chased a cat.
His friend kicked a ball.
Bill claims John believes Mary thinks Tom is honest.
Jane imagines Bill claims John believes Mary thinks Tom is honest.
The little boy hit the child with a toy.
Chocolate cakes and pies are my favorite desserts.
John suddenly got off the bus.
John suddenly put off the customers.
John suddenly put the customers off.
His second book came out earlier this year and became an instant best-seller.
When you book something such as a hotel room, you arrange to have it.
Price quotes on selected categories will be sent out upon request.
No doubt that he was forced to leave his family against his will.
He intended to will the large amount of money to Frank.
Jane stood aside to let her pass.
He has a rail pass that's right for you.
It is important for us to spend time with children.
He was arrested for being drunk.
I think that person we met last week is insane.
We believe that he is quite reasonable.
I forgot to return the book that I borrowed from the teacher.
I am anxious that you should arrive on time.
I am anxious for you to arrive on time.
I wonder whether you'd be kind enough to give us information.
If students study hard, teachers will be happy.
Whether they say it or not, most teachers expect their students to study hard.
John put a book on the table.
She turned down his offer.
He looked at a book about swimming.
He talked to a girl about swimming.
He talked with a girl about swimming.
I don't know the people present.
John refused the offer proudly.
I consider John the best candidate.
I saw him leaving the main building.
He took John to the school by the park.
John sang a song and danced to the music.
John wants to study linguistics in near future.
They told Angelica to arrive early for the award.
That Louise had abandoned the project surprised everyone.
I know you like the back of my hand.
Time flies like an arrow.
I need to have that report on our web page by tomorrow.
The monkey scratched a boy on Monday.
John tagged the monkey in the forest.
The monkey was tagged in the forest by John.
The cat devoured the rat.
The rat devoured the cat.
This car stinks.
It rains.
The committee disliked her proposal.
These books disappoint me.
Our neighbor takes his children to school in his car.
The book, including all the chapters in the first section, is very interesting.
The effectiveness of teaching and learning depends on several factors.
The tornadoes that tear through this county every spring are more than just a nuisance.
The lady singing with a boy is a genius, isn't he?
With their teacher, the kids have arrived safely, haven't they?
The kids have arrived safely.
It could be more detrimental.
Is this teacher a genius?
Have the kids arrived safely?
Could it be more detrimental?
The kids in our class have arrived safely.
His girlfriend bought this computer.
Thunder frightens the dog.
The dog fears thunder.
His girlfriend bought this computer for him.
The child broke the teapot by accident.
This computer was bought for him by his girlfriend.
The teapot was broken by the child by accident.
This item belongs to the student.
He remained a good friend to me.
John gave the boys the CDs.
My mother baked me a birthday cake.
She was sent a review copy of the book by the publisher.
She was sent a review copy of the book.
John gave the CDs to the boys.
The publisher sent a review copy of the book to her.
My mother baked a cake for me.
The CDs were given to the boys by John.
A review copy of the book was sent to her by the publisher.
This nice cake was baked for me by my mother.
This is my ultimate goal.
Michelle became an architect.
They elected Graham chairman.
John made Kim a great doll.
The situation became terrible.
This map is what he wants.
The message was that you should come on time.
I made Kim angry.
I consider him immoral.
I regard Andrew as the best writer.
They spoil their kids rotten.
John put books in the box.
John talked to Bill about the exam.
She reminded him of the last time they met.
They would inform Mary of any success they have made.
John gave a book to the student.
John bought a book for the student.
The bus stopped suddenly.
Shakespeare wrote his plays a long time ago.
They went to the theater in London.
He failed chemistry because he can't understand it.
I saw this film several times last year during the summer.
My uncle visited today.
The termites destroyed the sand castle.
Being honest is not an easy task.
That John passed surprised her.
To finish this work on time is almost unexpected.
Under the bed is a safe place to hide.
I sent a surprise present to John.
They wondered what she did yesterday.
They believed that everybody would pass the test.
Are you going on holiday before or after Easter? I prefer after Easter.
That John passed surprised her, didn't it?
That the march should go ahead and that it should be cancelled have been argued by different people at different times.
To finish it on time made quite a statement, didn't it?
To delay the march and to go ahead with it have been argued by different people at different times.
The little cat devoured a mouse last night.
John left very early.
John studied hard to pass the exam.
She disappeared when the main party arrived.
A boy hit the ball.
The students felt comfortable in the class.
John gave a book to the students.
John died last night.
John bought a lot of books for his sons.
John promised Bill to leave tomorrow morning.
John deprived his sons of game cards.
Mary received an award from the department.
John told the rumor to his friend.
John put his books in the attic.
The government kept all the money.
John hit the ball with a bat.
John wiped the window with a towel.
The cat chased pat the mouse.
The mouse was chased by the cat.
There still remains an issue to be solved.
There lived a man with his grandson.
There arrived a tall, red haired and incredibly well dressed man.
John resembles his mother.
A is similar to B.
John runs into the house.
Mary looked at the sky.
The school awarded a few of the girls in Miss Kim's class scholarships.
She was the nicest teacher in the Senior School.
They elected him America's 31st President.
The next morning we set out for Seoul.
Doing syntax is not easy.
He saw the man with the stick.
They parted the best of friends.
In the summer we always go to France.
Last year I saw this film several times.
He baked Tom the bread last night.
That they have completed the course is amazing.
The teacher made students happy.
We reminded him of the agreement.
In the garden stands a statue.
Among the guests was sitting my friend Louise.
This proved my hypothesis.
The students all enjoyed that summer.
The students all worked that summer.
The scientist made her a robot.
The students called me a teacher.
A big green insect flew into the soup.
John's mother sent a letter to Mary.
We placed the cheese in the refrigerator.
Frank threw himself into the sofa.
The ice melted.
The vacuum cleaner frightens the child.
Scientists found that the birds sang well in the evenings, but performed badly in the mornings.
John put his gold under the bathtub.
This is the box in which John put his gold.
This is the gold that John put under the bathtub.
The king kept putting his gold under the bathtub.
The defendant denied the accusation.
The teacher handed the student a book.
They want to leave the meeting.
The senators know that the president is telling a lie.
be eager to leave the meeting.
Tom offered advice to his students in his office.
Tom offered advice to his students with love.
John kept him behind the garage.
John kept him busy.
John stayed behind the counter.
John deposited some money in the bank.
John deposited some money in the bank on Friday.
Kim and Sandy met in Seoul in the lobby of the Lotte Hotel in March.
John deposited some money in the checking account and Mary did the same thing.
John deposited some money in the checking account on Friday and Mary did the same thing.
John deposited some money in the checking account on Friday and Mary did the same thing on Monday.
Kim jogs on the hill.
Kim jogs under the hill.
Kim jogs over the hill.
Kim depends.
Kim relies on Sandy.
Kim depends on Sandy.
John met a student in the park.
The problem disappeared.
The boy gave the baby the book.
The bird devours the worm.
The birds devour the worm.
Every photo of Max and sketch by his students appeared in the magazine.
No photo of Max and sketch by his students appeared in the magazine.
The present king of country music is more popular than the last one.
Which student were you talking about?
The election results surprised everybody.
That he won the election surprised everybody.
John disappeared.
John coughed.
The president looked weary.
The teacher became tired of the students.
The lasagna tasted delicious.
John remained somewhat calm.
The jury seemed ready to leave.
John became a success.
John seemed a fool.
John remained a student.
John saw Fred.
Alice typed the letter.
Clinton supported the health care bill.
Raccoons destroyed the garden.
The school board leader asked the students a question.
John taught new students English Syntax.
The school board leader asked a question of the students.
The sexual revolution makes some people uncomfortable.
Ad agencies call young people Generation X-ers.
Historians believe FDR to be our most effective president.
Tom locked Fido in the garage.
Tom bathed Fido in the garage.
Tom placed it under the table.
Tom played it under the table.
I wonder if you will come back tomorrow.
You would have a reply if you come back tomorrow.
Tom hid the manuscript in the cupboard.
Fred hired Sharon to change the oil.
They pushed the prisoners into the truck.
Frank hopes to persuade Harry to make the cook wash the dishes.
George mailed the attorney his photograph of the accident.
Tom keeps asking Karen's sister to buy the car.
Jane left the book on the table.
We have not confirmed whether the flight had been booked.
We saw him beaten by the champion.
They confined his remarks to the matter under discussion.
The students of English from Seoul faced many issues in the process of interpreting, transcribing, and editing the poems.
The love of my life and father of my children would never do such a thing.
The museum displayed no painting by Miro or drawing by Klee.
By law, every dog and cat in the area has to be neutered.
Learning to use a language freely and fully is a lengthy and arduous process.
Kim put the book in the box.
They wrote to her.
They are kind to her.
They want to write to her.
They want to be kind to her.
The student knows the answers.
The student knew the answers.
The students know the answers.
He is writing another long book about beavers.
Broadly speaking, the project was successful.
He is proud of his son's passing the bar exam.
The chicken has eaten.
The chicken was eaten.
Seen from this perspective, there is no easy solution.
The monkeys kept forgetting their lines.
John made Mary cook Korean food.
The monkey seems despondent that it is in a cage.
The monkey seems despondent.
He seems intelligent to study medicine.
Monkeys are eager to leave.
The foxes seem compatible with the chickens.
These are similar to the bottles.
The teacher is proud of his students.
The contract is subject to approval by my committee.
There exists only one truly amphibian mammal.
There arose a great storm.
There exist few solutions which are cost-effective.
There is a riot in the park.
There remained just a few problems to be solved.
They believe that Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is just a scientific theory.
They believe Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is just a scientific theory.
John demanded that she stop phoning him.
Joe warned the class that the exam would be difficult.
We told Tom that he should consult an accountant.
Mary convinced me that the argument was sound.
Tom intends for Sam to review that book.
John would prefer for the children to finish the oatmeal.
For John to either make up such a story or repeat it is outrageous.
For John either to make up such a story or to repeat it is outrageous.
For John to tell Bill such a lie and Bill to believe it is outrageous.
John intends to review the book.
John would prefer to finish the oatmeal.
Tom tried to ask a question.
Tom tends to avoid confrontations.
Joe hoped to find a solution.
John believed it.
John believed that he is honest.
John mentioned the issue to me.
John mentioned to me that the question is an issue.
She pinched his arm as hard as she could.
We hope that such a vaccine could be available in ten years.
Cohen proved the independence of the continuum hypothesis.
Cohen proved that the continuum hypothesis was independent.
John bothers me.
That John coughed bothers me.
John loves Bill.
That John sold the ostrich surprised Bill.
For John to train his horse would be desirable.
To train his horse would be desirable.
That the king or queen be present is a requirement on all Royal weddings.
Which otter you should adopt first is unclear.
Tom is confident that the elephants respect him.
Tom is insistent that the defendants be truthful.
Tom seems eager for her brother to catch a cold.
Tom seems eager to catch a cold.
I am ashamed that I neglected you.
I am delighted that Mary finished his thesis.
We were thankful that no one had been hurt.
We were glad it was over.
Bill alleged that Fred signed the check.
We believe that the directors were present.
We convinced him that the operation is safe.
The outcome depends on how many candidates participate in the election.
Fred is thinking about whether he should stay in Seoul.
The offer made Smith admire the administrators.
John tried to make Sam let George ask Bill to keep delivering the mail.
John enjoyed drawing trees for his syntax homework.
The picture on the wall reminded him of his country.
Free enterprise is compatible with American values and traditions.
We need to be in frequent contact with the clients.
Acknowledge that everyone has limits.
We are aware of the existing problems.
The constant rain forced the abandonment of the next day's competitions.
Aloe may have an analgesic effect on inflammation and minor skin irritations.
The public never had faith in his ability to handle the job.
He repeated his claim that the people backed his action.
We made them take the money.
Do not use these words in the beginning of a sentence.
We know the defendants seem eager to testify against the criminal.
Jane isn't sure whether the students keep the books.
Students study English for 4 hours a day.
His friend learned dancing.
My bother's friend learned dancing.
The president's bodyguard learned surveillance.
The King of Rock and Roll's records led to dancing.
President Lincoln delivered his Gettysburg Address in 1863.
After the party, I asked myself why I had faxed invitations to everyone in my office building.
Edward usually remembered to send a copy of his e-mail to himself.
No John Smiths attended the meeting.
This John Smith lives in Seoul.
There are three Davids in my class.
It's nothing like the America I remember.
My brother is an Einstein at maths.
In the book, he talks about his ups and downs at school.
If John wants to succeed in corporate life, he has to know the rules of the game.
The critique of Plato's Republic was written from a contemporary point of view.
The characters in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night live in a world that has been turned upside-down.
Students studying English read Conrad's Heart of Darkness while at university.
You is the only person that I can rely on.
He is the only person that I can rely on.
The boy swims.
King prawns cooked in chili salt and pepper was very much better, a simple dish deliciously executed.
Four pounds was quite a bit of money in 1950 and it was not easy to come by.
Five pounds is a lot of money.
Two drops sanitize anything in your house.
Fifteen dollars in a week is much.
Fifteen years represents a long period of his life.
Two miles is as far as they can walk.
This Government have been more transparent in the way they have dealt with public finances than any previous government.
This Government has been more transparent in the way they have dealt with public finances than any previous government.
In preparation for the return fixture this team has trained more efficiently than they had in recent months.
She doesn't believe much of that story.
We listened to as little of his speech as possible.
How much of the fresco did the flood damage?
One of the people was dying of thirst.
Many of the people were dying of thirst.
Many people were dying of thirst.
Each of the suggestions is acceptable.
Neither of the cars has air conditioning.
None of these men wants to be president.
Most of the children are here.
Some of the soup needs more salt.
Some of the diners need menus.
All of the land belongs to the government.
All of these cars belong to me.
John is in the room.
I am fond of him.
Most of John's boat has been repainted.
Some of the record contains evidence of wrongdoing.
Much of that theory is unfounded.
He is afraid of foxes.
It is a wooden desk.
It is the main street.
The man eager to start the meeting is John's sister.
The man holding the bottle disappeared.
The papers removed from the safe have not been found.
The money that you gave me disappeared last night.
and index values of the subject and the main verb.
Neither of these men is worthy to lead Italy.
None of his customary excuses suffices Edgar now.
One of the problems was the robins.
All of the plant virus web sites have been conveniently collected in one central location.
Some of the water from melted snow also goes into the ground for plants.
Most of the milk your baby consumes during breastfeeding is produced during nursing.
All special rights of voting in the election were abolished.
One of major factors affecting the value of diamonds was their weight.
Each of these stones has to be cut and polished.
Most of her free time was spent attending concerts and plays or visiting museums and art galleries.
The committee was unanimous in their decision.
The committee have all now resigned.
The crew have both agreed to change sponsor.
Her family is all avid skiers.
Both of the workers will wear carnations.
Both the workers will wear carnations.
Both will wear carnations.
Few doctors approve of our remedy.
Few approve of our remedy.
An example of these substances be tobacco.
The effectiveness of teaching and learning depend on several factors.
One of the most serious problems that some students have be lack of motivation.
Ten years be a long time to spend in prison.
Everyone of us be given a prize.
Some of the fruit be going bad.
All of his wealth come from real estate investments.
Do some of your relatives live nearby?
Fifty pounds seem like a lot of weight to lose in one year.
News of Persephone and Demeter reach the great gods and goddesses of Olympus.
Half of the year be dark and wintry.
Some of the promoters of ostrich meat compare its taste to beef tenderloin.
The committee hasn't yet made up its mind.
The committee haven't yet made up their mind.
I washed myself.
I washed you.
He kicked you.
You washed yourself.
Harry says that Sally dislikes him.
Sally believes that she is brilliant.
The power of your mind and the power of your body have a tight connection.
John tries to fix the computer.
John seems to fix the computer.
Mary persuaded John to fix the computer.
Mary expected John to fix the computer.
John tries to be honest.
John seems to be honest.
John makes efforts for himself to be honest.
It seems that John is honest.
It tends to be warm in September.
It seems to bother Kim that they resigned.
It is easy to please Kim.
John is eager to please Kim.
Stephen seemed to be intelligent.
It seems to be easy to fool Ben.
There is likely to be a letter in the mailbox.
Tabs are likely to be kept on participants.
Sandy tried to eat oysters.
The king thanked the man.
The color red seems to be his favorite color.
The cat seems to be out of the bag.
The dentist is likely to examine Pat.
Pat is likely to be examined by the dentist.
The dentist is eager to examine Pat.
Pat is eager to be examined by the dentist.
Stephen believed Ben to be careful.
Stephen persuaded Ben to be careful.
Stephen believed it to be easy to please Kim.
Stephen believed there to be a fountain in the park.
Stephen believed the cat to be out of the bag.
The dentist was believed to have examined Pat.
Pat was believed to have been examined by the dentist.
The dentist was persuaded to examine Pat.
Stephen seems to be irritating.
Tom believes Stephen to be irritating.
John persuaded Stephen to be more careful.
It seemed to rain.
There seemed to be a fountain in the park.
Stephen tried to be intelligent.
Someone tried to leave the town.
There seems to be a fountain in the park.
We believed there to be a fountain in the park.
We believed John to try to leave the country.
The cat tries to be out of the bag.
They persuaded me to leave.
They promised me to leave.
Under the bed is a fun place to hide.
Kim may have admitted to let Mary mow the lawn.
Gregory appears to have wanted to be loyal to the company.
Jones would prefer for it to be clear to Barry that the city plans to sue him.
John continues to avoid the conflict.
The captain ordered the troops to proceed.
He coaxed his brother to give him the candy.
John wants it to be clear to Ben that the city plans to honor him.
There is only one chemical substance involved in nerve transmission.
There are more chemical substances involved in nerve transmission.
There is believed to be a sheep in the park.
There are believed to be sheep in the park.
There seems to be no student absent.
There is likely to be no student absent.
Pat expected Leslie to be aggressive.
Pat persuaded Leslie to be aggressive.
Pat promised Leslie to be aggressive.
Kevin urged Anne to be loyal to her.
We expect the dentist to examine us.
We expect them to examine themselves.
We persuaded the dentist to examine us.
We persuaded them to examine themselves.
John may drink water, and Bill drink beer.
Tom will not leave.
Will Tom leave the party now?
John couldn't leave the party.
If anybody is spoiling the children, John is.
You should leave, shouldn't you?
She would never believe that story.
The boys will all be there.
The children will have been being entertained.
Mary solved the problem.
Mary would solve the problem.
Mary was solving the problem.
Mary would easily solve the problem.
Mary did not avoid Bill.
Fred must have been singing songs and probably was drinking beer.
Fred must both have been singing songs and have been drinking beer.
Fred must have both been singing songs and been drinking beer.
Fred must have been both singing songs and drinking beer.
There might be a unicorn in the garden.
It will rain tomorrow.
John will leave the party earlier.
I hope to study in France.
John will kick the ball.
There may exist a man in the park.
He is a fool.
He has a car.
John is running to the car.
Was the child in the school?
Was the child running to the car?
Was the child found?
The child never became crazy.
The child was never crazy.
The child was never running to the car.
The child was never deceived.
John is happy about the outcome.
John was seeing his children.
The children are seen in the yard.
John has not sung a song.
Has John sung a song?
John hasn't been singing a song.
John has sung a song and Mary has too.
John can have danced.
John can be dancing.
He has seen his children.
He will have been seeing his children.
is out since the following is finite.
You are a student.
You have not enough money.
Have you enough money?
John does not like this town.
In no other circumstances does that distinction matter.
They didn't leave any food.
John did leave.
Did John find the solution?
How long did it last?
John may leave.
It may rain.
John did not leave.
He might have left.
Do be honest!
Don't be silly!
John believes Kim not to leave here.
Tom wanted to go home, but Peter didn't want to.
Lee voted for Bill because his father told him to.
Kim regrets not having seen the movie.
Kim regrets never having seen the movie.
We asked him not to try to call us again.
We asked him never to try to call us again.
Duty made them not miss the weekly meetings.
Duty made them never miss the weekly meetings.
Not speaking English is a disadvantage.
Lee is believed not to like Kim.
Lee is believed to not like Kim.
The president could not approve the bill.
It would be possible for the president not to approve the bill.
It would not be possible for the president to approve the bill.
Lee will never leave.
Lee will not leave.
John could not leave the town.
Mary sang a song, but Lee never did.
Mary sang a song, but Lee did not.
The president could not approve the bill, couldn't he?
Are you studying English syntax?
What are you studying nowadays?
I shall go downtown.
Shall I go downtown?
May she live forever!
Was I that stupid?
Don't you even touch that!
You better not drink.
You can do it, but you better not.
They'd leave soon.
They wouldn't leave soon.
They shouldn't leave soon.
They can do it, can't they?
They can't do it, can they?
Kim can dance, and Sandy can, too.
Kim has danced, and Sandy has, too.
Kim was dancing, and Sandy was, too.
Kim is happy and Sandy is too.
When Kim was in China, I was too.
Have you anything to share with the group?
Have you brought anything to share with the group?
Sandy must have been, too.
Sandy must have, too.
Sandy must, too.
Because John persuaded Sally to, he didn't have to talk to the reporters.
Mary sang a song, but Lee could not.
John got sent to prison.
He ought to leave his luggage here.
He dared not argue against his parents.
He used to go there very often.
The gardener must trim the rose bushes today.
This should be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
I am removing the shovel from the shed.
The travelers have returned from their vacation.
Springfield would have built a police station with the federal grant.
Sharks could have been cruising near the beach.
She seem to have given financial assistance to an important French art dealer.
It has rained every day for the last week.
Tagalog is spoken in the Philippines.
The roof is leaking.
Sam may have been being interrogated by the FBI.
Have social problems made police work difficult?
The senator should not have forgotten the concerns of her constituents.
Tokyo has not loosened trade restrictions.
Did the doctor prescribe aspirin?
Sandy will read your reports, but Harold will not.
He can hardly believe that it's already over.
I could have little known that more trouble was just around the corner.
I have never been spoken to so rudely!
Hardly was there any rain falling.
Little did I know that more trouble was just around the corner.
Never have I been spoken to so rudely!
He had hardly collected the papers on his desk, had he?
He never achieved anything, did he?
As a statesman, he scarcely could do anything worth mentioning.
I didn't find any bugs in my bed.
Nobody told them anything.
Never have I stolen from any members of your family.
Why haven't any books been returned?
Hardly any of the citizens ever say anything.
These lines were written by one of Korea's most famous poets.
The unidentified victim was apparently struck during the early morning hours.
Targets can be observed at any angle.
During the early evening, Saturn can be found in the north, while Jupiter rises in the east.
I poured 20 liters of acid into the beaker.
About 20 liters of acid was poured into the beaker.
The executive committee approved the new policy.
The new policy was approved by the executive committee.
John has taken Bill to the library.
John has chosen Bill for the position.
John has been taken to the library.
John has been chosen for the position.
Pat handed a book to Chris.
A book was handed to Chris by Pat.
A book was handed to Chris.
They believe it to be easy to annoy Ben.
They believe there to be a dragon in the wood.
It is believed to be easy to annoy Ben.
There is believed to be a dragon in the wood.
No one believes that he is a fool.
No one suspects that he is a fool.
That he is a fool is suspected by no one.
They believe the cat to be out of the bag.
The cat is believed to be out of the bag.
John drove the car.
John was driving the car.
The car was being driven.
John will drive the car.
The car will be driven.
John has driven the car.
The car has been driven.
John has been driving the car.
The car has been being driven.
The car will have been being driven.
Pat handed Chris a note.
Chris was handed a note.
Chris was handed a note by Pat.
Ideas are put into children's heads by TV.
Yesterday, the child really kicked a monkey in the street.
The model resembles Kim in nearly every detail.
I was born in 1970.
It is rumored that he is on his way out.
John is said to be rich.
He is reputed to be a good scholar.
He kicked the ball.
The ball was kicked by him.
John kicked him.
He was kicked by John.
John sent her to Seoul.
She was sent to Seoul.
They widely believed that John was ill.
That John was ill was widely believed.
They haven't decided which attorney will give the closing argument.
Which attorney will give the closing argument hasn't been decided.
Which attorney will give the closing argument hasn't been decided by them.
You can rely on Ben.
Ben can be relied on.
They talked about the scandal for days.
The scandal was talked about for days.
The issue was dealt with promptly.
That's not what's asked for.
This should be attended to immediately.
That's something I would have paid twice for.
These are the books that we have gone most thoroughly over.
They look generally on John as selfish.
Pavarotti relied on Loren and Bond on Hepburn.
Loren was relied on by Pavarotti and Hepburn by Bond.
The lawyer looked into the document.
The document was looked into by the lawyer.
Peter has been asked to resign.
I assume the matter to have been filed in the appropriate records.
Smith wants the picture to be removed from the office.
The events have been described well.
Over 120 different contaminants have been dumped into the river.
The balloon is positioned in an area of blockage and is inflated.
Cancer is now thought to be unlikely to be caused by hot dogs.
Whether this is feasible hasn't yet been determined.
Paying taxes can't be avoided.
It hasn't yet been determined whether this is feasible.
Frances has had the drapes cleaned.
Shirley seems to have Fred promoted.
Nina got Bill elected to the committee.
We got our car radio stolen twice on holiday.
Frances has had her clean the drapes.
Nina got them to elect Bill.
The news was dealt with carefully.
The tree was looked after by Kim.
We cannot put up with the noise anymore.
He will keep up with their expectations.
This noise cannot be put up with.
Their expectations will be kept up with.
They paid a lot of attention to the matter.
The son took care of his parents.
The matter was paid a lot of attention to.
A lot of attention was paid to the matter.
The lake is not to be camped beside by anybody.
The beans were grown by the gardener.
The plums were weighed by the grocer.
The house has been lived in by several famous personages.
This bed was surely slept in by a huge guy last night.
Rosie got struck by lightning.
I got phoned by a woman friend.
He got hit in the face with the tip of a surfboard.
John's bike got fixed or got stolen.
Is John clever?
Who is clever?
How clever you are!
Be very clever.
I ask you if this is what you want.
Would you mind taking out the garbage?
Can the child read the book?
What can the child read?
Which version did they recommend?
With what did the baby eat the food?
How did he eat the food?
Which man did you talk to?
To which man did you talk?
How ill has Hobbs been?
Who do you think Hobbs imagined Mary said Tom saw?
Who did Kim work for and Sandy rely on?
You can rely on Edward's help.
Edward's help, you can rely on.
We talked about the fact that he was sick for days.
The fact that he was sick for days, we talked about.
That he was sick, we talked about for days.
That arrows don't stop in midair is captured by this theory.
These qualities recommended him to Oliver.
The UN recommended an enlarged peacekeeping force.
This is the book which the teacher recommended.
Who will they recommend?
John put the books in a box.
Which books did John put in the box?
Where did John put the books?
In which box did John put the book?
How happy has John been?
Who put the book in the box?
Who DID put the book in the box?
Who can put the book in the box?
Who do you think visited Seoul last year?
That's the UN delegate that the government thinks visits Seoul last year.
Who do you believe that Sara invited?
Who do you believe invited Sara?
This is the kind of person who I doubt that under normal circumstances would have anything to do with such a scheme.
John asks whose book his son likes.
John has forgotten which player his son shouted at.
He told me how many employees Karen introduced to the visitors.
he had been reading the article.
John inquired which book he should read.
Peter will decide which book we should review.
John told us that we should review the book.
John told us which book we should review.
In which box did he put the book?
Which book by his father did he read?
John asks in which box he put the book.
John asks which book by his father he read.
Kim has wondered in which room Gary stayed.
Lee asked me how fond of chocolates the monkeys are.
John knows whose book Mary bought and Tom borrowed from her.
I don't know whether I should agree.
She gets upset if I exclude her from anything.
She gets upset whether I exclude her from anything.
I wonder if you'd be kind enough to give us information.
I am not certain about when he will come.
I am not certain about whether he will go or not.
I don't know where to go.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know how to do it.
I don't know whether to agree with him or not.
Fred knows which politician to support.
Karen asked where to put the chairs.
The student protected him.
Who protected him?
To protect him is not an easy task.
How carefully have you considered your future career?
When can we register for graduation?
Where do we go to register for graduation?
Why have you borrowed my pencil?
When did he say that he was fired?
Where did he tell you that he met Mary?
Why do you wonder whether she will invite me?
How often did he ask when she will meet at the party?
What causes students to select particular majors?
Who will John ask for information about summer courses?
Which textbook did the teacher use in the class last summer?
Whose car is blocking the entrance to the store?
Why do you think he left?
Who do you guess will be here?
Who do you think borrowed my book?
Which city does Fred think that you believe that John lives in?
I wonder on which shelf John will put the book?
What proof that he has implicated have you found?
Joseph has forgotten how many matches he has won.
Fred will warn Martha that she should claim that her brother is patriotic.
That Bill tried to discover which drawer Alice put the money in made us realize that we should have left him in Seoul.
Jasper wonders which book he should attempt to persuade his students to buy.
This needs mending.
He mended the shoe.
This needs investigating.
They investigated the problem.
The video which you recommended was really terrific.
The video which I thought you recommended was really terrific.
The video which I thought John told us you recommended was really terrific.
the student who won the prize left.
the student who everyone likes left.
the person whom John gave the book to left.
the day when I met her was sunny.
The president who Fred voted for has resigned.
The president that Fred voted for dislikes his opponents.
The president Fred voted for has resigned.
has no relative pronoun at all.
He is the kind of person with whom to consult.
These are the things for which to be thankful.
We will invite volunteers on whom to work.
This is the student pictures of whom appeared in the newspaper.
the people happy with the proposal left.
the person standing on my foot is heavy.
Jack is the person whom Jenny fell in love with.
Jack is the person with whom Jenny fell in love.
I met the critic whose remarks I wanted to object to.
This is the friend for whose mother Kim gave a party.
The teacher set us a problem the answer to which we can find in the textbook.
We called the senators who met Fred.
The kid picked up the apple that fell down on the ground.
He made a statement which everyone thought was really interesting and important.
They all agreed to include those matters which everyone believed had been excluded from the Treaty.
Mary knows that John was elected.
That John was elected surprised Frank.
Mary told Bill that John was elected.
This is the book that we had read.
The president abandoned the people that voted for him.
It is an argument that people think will never end in Egypt.
Every essay which she's written and that I've read is on that pile.
Every essay that she's written and which I've read is on that pile.
the student whose turn it was left.
the pencil with which he is writing broke.
a pencil with which to write broke.
The company in which they have invested left.
The people in whose house we stayed left.
The person with whom he felt most comfortable left.
He bought a bench on which to sit.
He bought a refrigerator in which to put the beer.
There is a bench for you to sit on.
the person I met is from Boston.
the box we put the books in is sealed.
He made a statement everyone thought was interesting and important.
They all agreed to include those matters everyone believed had been excluded from the Treaty.
I just know that the Big 12 South teams everyone knew would win actually won the game.
The person who John asked for help thinks he is foolish.
Mary, who John asked for help, thinks he is foolish.
John has two sisters, who became lawyers.
I met the lady from France who grows peaches.
In the classroom, the teacher praised John, whom I also respect.
Reagan, whom the Republicans nominated in 1980, lived most of his life in California.
Every student who attended the party had a good time.
No student who scored 80 or more in the exam was ever failed.
The contestant who won the first prize, who is the judge's brother-in-law, sang dreadfully.
He who laughs last laughs best.
He who is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone.
Who did he believe that he would one day meet?
Which celebrity did he mention that he had run into?
The knife which he threw into the sea had a gold handle.
The knife that he threw into the sea had a gold handle.
The knife, which he threw into the sea had a gold handle.
Bill cooked supper and washed the dishes.
He refuted the proof that you cannot square it.
They met someone who knows the professor.
That he has met the professor is extremely unlikely.
She bought John's book.
Did John wonder who would win the game?
What did he get the impression that the problem really was?
This is the paper that we really need to find the linguist who understands.
Students enter high-level educational institutions might face many problems relating to study habits.
A fellow student saw this felt sorry for Miss Kim and offered her his own book.
Experts all agree that dreams cause great anxiety and stress are called nightmares.
The victims of the earthquake their property was destroyed in the disaster were given temporary housing by the government.
This is the book which I need to read.
The person whom they intended to speak with agreed to reimburse us.
The motor that Martha thinks that Joe replaced costs thirty dollars.
The official to whom Smith loaned the money has been indicted.
The man on whose lap the puppet is sitting is ventriloquist.
We just finished the final exam the result of which we can find out next week.
The fact that scientists have now established all the genes in the human body is still not widely known.
The fact that the scientists used the latest technology to verify was reported at the recent conference.
They ignored the suggestion that Lee made.
They ignored the suggestion that Lee lied.
They denied the claim that we had advanced by ourselves.
They denied the claim that they should report only to us.
The hotel where Gloria stays is being remodelled.
The day when Jim got fired was a sad day for everyone.
John is tough to persuade.
John made it clear that he would finish it on time.
It is John that I met last night in the park.
I wonder whom Sandy loves.
This is the politician on whom Sandy relies.
He is hard to love.
It is easy to please John.
John is easy to please.
John is eager to please.
To please John is tough.
It is tough to please John.
John is tough to please.
John is ready to please.
Kim is easy to please.
Kim is eager to please.
This doll is hard to see.
The child is impossible to teach.
The problem is easy to solve.
John is eager to examine the patient.
John is eager to find a new home.
Hei is easy to please i.
This theorem will take only five minutes to prove.
This theorem will take only five minutes to establish that he proved in 1930.
This scratch will cost Kim $500 to fix.
This $500 bribe will cost the government $500,000 to prove that Senator Jones accepted.
Who is Kim eager to recommend?
This sonata is easy to play on this piano.
Which piano is this sonata easy to play on?
That dogs bark annoys people.
It annoys people that dogs bark.
Why she told him is unclear.
It is unclear why she told him.
to leave so soon would be inconvenience.
It would be inconvenience to leave so soon.
It would be inconvenience for you to leave so soon.
That the Dalai Lama claims Tibet independence disturbs the Chinese government.
It disturbs the Chinese government that the Dalai Lama claims Tibet independence.
I believe the problem to be obvious.
I believe it to be obvious that the problem is not easy.
I do not think it unreasonable to ask for the return of my subscription.
He made it clear he would continue to co-operate with the United Nations.
They're not finding it a stress being in the same office.
That you came early surprised me.
It surprised me that you came early.
That Chris knew the answer occurred to Pat.
It occurred to Pat that Chris knew the answer.
It really freaks me out that we invaded Iraq.
That we invaded Iraq really creeps me out.
That we invaded Iraq really freaks me out.
It really bites that we invaded Iraq.
That Fido barks annoys me.
A man came into the room that no one knew.
A man came into the room with blond hair.
I read a book during the vacation which was written by Chomsky.
Ray found the outcome frustrating.
Ray found it frustrating that his policies made little impact on poverty.
I made it my objective to settle the matter.
I made the settlement of the matter my objective.
I owe it to you that the jury acquitted me.
I owe my acquittal to you.
I believe strongly that the world is round.
It's their teaching material that we're using.
What we're using is their teaching material.
Their teaching material is what we are using.
We are using their teaching material.
I share your view but I just wonder why you think that's good.
It was the man that bought the articles from him.
It was then that he felt a sharp pain.
It was to the student that the teacher gave the best advice.
It was not until I was perhaps twenty-five or thirty that I read and enjoyed them.
It's the second Monday that we get back from Easter holiday.
It was the girl who kicked the ball.
It's mainly his attitude which convinced the teacher.
What you want is a little greenhouse.
What's actually happening in London at the moment is immensely exciting.
What is to come is in this document.
What I've always tended to do is to do my own stretches at home.
What I meant was that you have done it really well.
What happened is they caught her without a license.
What the gentleman seemed to be asking is how policy would have differed.
Insensitive is how I would describe him.
In the early morning is when I do my best research.
That's when I read.
That was why she looked so nice.
That's how they do it.
That's who I played with over Christmas.
What you heard was an explosion.
It was an explosion that you heard.
What you should do is order one first.
It was not until I was perhaps twenty-five or thirty that I read them and enjoyed them.
It's the writer that gets you so involved.
And it was this matter on which I consulted with the chairman of the Select Committee.
What I ate is an apple.
What we are using is their teaching material.
The student who got A in the class was very happy.
The one who broke the window was Mr. Kim.
He got what he wanted.
He put the money where Lee told him to put it.
The concert started when the bell rang.
I ate what John ate.
I ate an apple.
This is how he did it.
This is why he came early.
Type A: It is on Bill that John relies.
Type B: It is Bill on whom John relies.
It was then when we all went to bed.
It's the second Monday that we get back from Easter.
It was in 1997 when the IN introduced the alien registration receipt card.
It is Uncle John whose address I lost.
It was the director that she wants to meet.
It was the director that she said she wants to meet.
It was the director that I think she said she wants to meet.
I wonder who it was who saw you.
I wonder who it was you saw.
I wonder in which pocket it was that Kim had hidden the jewels.
Who do you think it is that Mary met?
It is difficult for me to concentrate on calculus.
For me to concentrate on calculus is difficult.
Calculus is difficult for me to concentrate on.
Being lovely to look at has its advantages.
Letters to Grandma are easy to help the children to write.
It was to Boston that they decided to take the patient.
It was with a great deal of regret that I vetoed your proposal.
It was Tom who spilled beer on this couch.
It is Martha whose work critics will praise.
It was John on whom the sheriff placed the blame.
I wondered who it was you saw.
I was wondering in which pocket it was that Kim had hidden the jewels.
Was it for this that we suffered and toiled?
Who was it who interviewed you?
I believe it to be her father who was primarily responsible.
I believe it to be the switch that is defective.
Tom ate what Mary offered to him.
I wonder what Mary offered to him.
What Mary offered to him is unclear.
I don't have any potatoes.
At most three girls saw anything.
Every girl who saw anything was happy.
Any owl hunts mice.
Any lawyer could tell you that.
I would dance with anybody.
Almost every lawyer could answer that question.
Almost no lawyer could answer that question.
Almost any lawyer could answer that question.
I would dance with Mary or Sue.
Mary or Sue could tell you that.
Do you have dry socks? claim.
Perhaps some dry socks would help?
An owl hunts mice.
Generics allow exceptions.
A poodle gives live birth.
Every poodle gives live birth.
I don't have potatoes.
Every man who has matches is happy.
Every man who has any matches is happy.
Could we make some French fries?
Why don't we make some French fries?
Are you prepared for school tomorrow?
And then all the owls go on a mice hunt.
If you take a dry match and strike it, it lights.
At most three teachers assigned homework.
At most three teachers assigned any homework.
Every student who handed in some homework will get a prize.
Every student who handed in any homework will get a prize.
Before you make plans, consult the secretary.
Before you make any plans, consult the secretary.
Is there anything I can do for you?
A professional dancer would be able to do it.
Any professional dancer would be able to do it.
We don't have potatoes, or at least not enough.
Every man who has any matches is happy. happy.
I'm surprised we had any potatoes.
At most three boys didn't see anything.
Sue was the most likely not to say anything.
Sue said something although she was the most likely not to say anything.
Cows fly more often than John visits any relatives.
Every child should have a daily glass of milk.
Each child should have a daily glass of milk.
I'm surprised that he ever said anything.
I'm sorry that he ever said anything.
I'm surprised he bought a car.
But these tickets are terrible!
I was surprised that he stole the watch, in as far as that was a daring thing to do.
Given my high opinion on his moral character, I was surprised that he stole the watch.
Were you surprised that he stole the watch?
I'm sorry that anybody hates me.
I want for nobody to hate me.
I'm glad he bought a car.
I'm sorry he bought a car.
He bought a Honda.
I'm glad anybody likes me!
Couldn't you get any tickets better than this?
It's fine that he paid and apologized, but I don't really care about his gratitude, or the money, or anything.
I'm sure he speaks to me!
I'm glad a linguist likes me.
I didn't help him because I have any sympathy for urban guerillas.
I don't have any sympathy for urban guerillas.
Almost any owl hunts mice.
Absolutely any owl hunts mice.
He began writing poems.
He kept writing poems.
He continued writing poems.
He stopped writing poems.
The men would have all been working.
The men would have been all working.
Would the men each have been working?
The men would not enjoy that.
Would the men not enjoy that?
The men all would not have been working.
The men would not have all been working.
The men would not all have been working.
The men would not have been all working.
That John is a fool is obvious.
It is obvious that John is a fool.
John whined that he was hungry.
John is certain that the Mets will win.
That he has blood on his hands proves that John is the murderer.
To please John would be difficult.
It would be difficult to please John.
It is believed to be obvious by everyone that Fred is crazy.
It disturbed him that people didn't like Fred.
It was believed to have disturbed him that people didn't like Fred.
How certain that the Mets will win are you?
How likely to win is he?
This book I enjoyed.
He's a man to whom liberty we could never grant.
It's obvious that Mary, he can't stand.
I think that the trolls will take the shepherd tomorrow.
As for Max, I really like him.
John would like that because he's such a nice guy.
John, because he's such a nice guy, would like that.
Because he's such a nice guy, John would like that.
John would, because he's such a nice guy, like that.
Because he's such a nice guy, what would John like?
It's obvious that, although he's a nice guy, John isn't too bright.
I gave Mary a book.
I considered Fred crazy.
I put the book on the table.
I worded the telegram tersely.
Because she's so pleasant, Mary I really like.
Though he may seem intelligent, he does not seem deep.
Intelligent though he may seem, he does not seem deep.
Though I may love her, that won't affect the grade.
Love her though I may, that won't affect the grade.
Hate those who criticize Carter though he may, it doesn't matter.
Would John hate that?
Would John hate that!
Will Sally, after John comes home, take a shower?
After John comes home, will Sally take a shower?
I would prefer that he not have finished.
He has not finished.
He is not finishing.
He would not finish.
He does not finish.
Those people, after the party, will not come home.
I've never seen a man taller than my father.
I've never seen a taller man than my father.
I've never seen a man taller than my mother.
I've never seen a taller man than my mother.
Jack eats caviar more than he eats mush.
Jack eats more caviar than he eats mush.
Jack eats caviar more than he sleeps.
I am more angry today than I was yesterday.
I am more angry than sad.
Mary is more than six feet tall.
Mary is taller than six feet.
Mary is shorter than five feet.
They think she has too much independence.
A tangerine isn't as different from an orange as I'd thought.
You and I are as much alike as a horse and a cow.
You and I are as alike as a horse and a cow.
You and I are as little alike as a horse and a cow.
John is as intelligent as Mary.
John is more than 6 feet tall.
John is taller than 6 feet.
These plants may grow as much as 6 feet high.
These plants may grow as high as 6 feet.
More has happened in the last week than will happen in the next year.
He offers more than we had hoped for.
He was hoping for more than we offered.
Enough is going on to keep them confused.
You've said enough to convince me.
Sally eats caviar more than I had expected.
Susan doesn't eat her vegetables enough.
Sally eats the stuff pretty often.
Sally eats the stuff more.
John eats more.
John doesn't eat enough.
John eats more than he sleeps.
He gave me more of his marbles than I wanted.
Jack is more tall than thin.
I did it more in jest than in anger.
There is enough of the bread left to have tomorrow.
There is enough bread for all of you.
There is bread enough for all of you.
She has enough of a problem as it is.
She has enough problems as it is.
He looks more formidable than he is.
He seems intelligent enough for you.
She writes more clearly than she speaks.
He's enough of a fool to try it.
He's fool enough to try it.
I saw more of the man than you did.
I saw enough of the fool to be convinced.
Harry got to be more of a celebrity.
Harry got to be more of the celebrity.
What his father wants him to be is more of a man.
I've never known more of a man than Frank.
He was hoping for too much.
Sally eats caviar too much for her own good.
John eats so much.
He gave me many marbles.
I have much typing to do.
He looks so formidable.
She speaks too clearly.
I'm as much of a man as you are, my dear.
Harry got to be as much of a celebrity as his father.
Many are called; few are chosen.
More are called than are ever chosen.
We made enough pudding to last for days.
We made enough puddings to last for days.
John is the kind of a fool that I told you about.
John is the kind of the fool that I told you about.
He's a bit of a gossip.
He's something of a gossip.
John is the kind of fool that I told you about.
He's that reliable a man.
He's too reliable a man.
He's as reliable a man.
He's so reliable a man.
He's a reliable enough man.
Tom was not more reliable than a grasshopper.
Tom was no more reliable than a grasshopper.
I don't want trouble.
John is not a more reliable fellow than Bill.
John isn't any more reliable a fellow than Bill.
John is no more reliable a fellow than Bill.
I have as many too many marbles as you.
I have as many marbles too many as you.
I have six too many marbles.
I have six marbles too many.
I have six more of them.
I have half a dozen too many of these marbles.
She writes clearly enough.
She is as brilliant a woman as her mother.
I've never known as strong a person as Louise.
Fido is a smarter dog than Spot.
What his father wants him to be is a better pool player.
A taller man than Bill is here.
I've never known a smarter dog than Fido.
He's so tall a man that doors are dangerous to him.
He's such a tall man that doors are dangerous to him.
He's such a tall man.
He's such the tall man.
What her mother wants her to be is such a fine surgeon that everyone will respect her.
It was as awful a picture as it first seemed.
It wasn't as awful a picture as it first seemed.
It wasn't such an awful picture as it first seemed.
It was so awful a picture that I tore it up.
It was such an awful picture that I tore it up.
Mary is such a wit that people are afraid of her.
Sally isn't such a fool as people think.
I love her so much.
I gave her so much.
Hilda is such a scholar.
Hilda is such a scholar that all her work is impeccable.
Hilda is such a scholar as you were speaking of just now.
So eminent a scholar as Dr. Lucille Hein was here.
Such an eminent scholar as Dr. Lucille Hein was here.
So elegant a solution as you have presented us with can elicit only admiration.
You have presented so elegant a solution that we can only admire it.
Such a scholar as you were speaking of just now is here.
Her mother wants Mary to be such an eminent woman that everyone will respect her.
John a decidedly taller man than Bill.
That's an obviously better solution.
She made so much better a reply.
That's the kindest answer that I ever heard.
Most helpful advice is unwanted.
Sally will give me more helpful advice than the advice I got from you.
I've never seen a man who is taller than my mother.
I've never seen the one man taller than my father.
John wants to come up with as good a solution as Christine did.
John wants to come up with a solution as good as Christine.
John wants to find a solution better than Christine's.
Caviar is eaten by Jack more than mush.
More caviar than mush is eaten by Jack.
Jack ate more of this than he ate of that.
The table is longer than the door is wide.
Mary's happy about her work, and John's happy about his children.
Mary's happy about her work, and John is about his children.
Mary is happy with her work, and John is with his children.
Mary's happy with her work, and John's with his children.
The table is long, and the door's wide.
I'm sad, more than I'm angry.
I'm more sad than angry.
I'm worrying, more than thinking.
I'm sad, as much as I'm angry.
I'm as much sad as angry.
I am angrier today that I was yesterday.
John is taller than six feet.
John is taller than Bill.
Mary has more than two friends.
Mary has more friends than two.
Mary has more friends than just Bill and Pete.
They may grow as much as six feet high.
They may grow as high as six feet.
Some of them made as many as 20 errors.
Some of them made as many errors as Joan.
John is taller than Pete is.
John is shorter than five feet.
Mary has more enemies than Bill has friends.
Mary doesn't have as many too many too many as Jane.
Jane has more nearly as many too many than Mary.
Mary swam five more laps than Joan swam.
Mary swam as many more laps than Joan as Linda.
Bill kissed himself.
Sally kissed herself.
The robot kissed itself.
She knocked herself on the head with a zucchini.
The snake flattened itself against the rock.
The Joneses think themselves the best family on the block.
Gary and Kevin ran themselves into exhaustion.
People from Tucson think very highly of themselves.
I gave myself the bucket of ice cream.
She hit herself with a hammer.
Doug blew the building up.
Doug blew up the building.
Doug blew it up.
Doug blew up it.
I wonder what Fiona bought.
Cheese mice love stinks.
The dancing chorus line of elephants broke my television set.
Rosie loves magazine ads.
I think Rosie loves magazine ads.
Dana doubts that Drew believes I think Rosie loves magazine ads.
Dave left.
Dave and Alina left.
Dave, Dan, Erin, and Alina left.
Who do you think that Ciaran will question first?
Who do you think Ciaran will question first?
Who do you think will question Seamus first?
I expect soon to see the results.
I expect to see the results soon.
I expect to soon see the results.
I expect to more than double my profits.
Who did you see in Las Vegas?
You are taller than me.
My friends wanted to quickly leave the party.
George sang to himself.
Betsy loves herself in blue leather.
Everyone should be able to defend himself.
Everyone should be able to defend herself.
I hope nobody will hurt themselves.
I hope nobody will hurt himself.
Don't hit yourself!
She is dancing.
They are dancing.
The man is dancing.
The men are dancing.
The students met to discuss the project.
Zeke cooked and ate the chili.
Zeke ate and cooked the chili.
He put the clothes.
He put in the washing machine.
I gave my brother a birthday present.
I gave a birthday present to my brother.
Where do you guys live at?
It is obvious to everybody that Tasha likes Misha.
The man loved peanut butter cookies.
The puppy loved peanut butter cookies.
The king loved peanut butter cookies.
John went to the store.
The man went to the store.
The destruction of the city bothered the Mongols.
Sincerity is an important quality.
the assassination of the president.
Tucson is a great place to live.
Gabrielle's mother is an axe murderer.
Hamsters mother attractive offspring.
Wendy's mother country is Iceland.
Louis said that parts of speech intrigued her.
The cat ate the spider.
Cats ate the spider.
The cats ate the spider.
I ate the apple.
I ate sugar.
I ate the sugar.
He is filled with sincerity.
I doubt his sincerity.
The dastardly surgeon stole the physician's lunch.
I asked the question.
I asked if you knew the answer.
I hit the ball.
I spared him the trouble.
I put the book in the box.
I gave the box to Leah.
I gave Leah the box.
I told Daniel the story.
I told Daniel that the exam was cancelled.
I told the story to Daniel.
The Canadian government uses a parliamentary system of democracy.
The Canadian bought himself a barbecue.
The prudish linguist didn't enjoy looking at the internet.
We keep those censored copies of the book hidden to protect the sensibilities of the prudish.
Susan bought some flowers for her mother.
Susan bought some flowers for her birthday.
I gave blood.
I don't give a darn.
Andy gives freely of his time.
Dan gave his life.
Dan gives to charity.
Sorry, I gave last week.
The student loved his phonology readings.
I saw these dancers and those musicians smoking something.
I am drinking lemonade and eating a brownie.
We went through the woods and over the bridge.
The man whose car I hit last week sued me.
The big man from NY has often said that he gave peanuts to elephants.
The man killed the king with the knife.
We ate at a really fancy restaurant.
Big bowls of beans are what I like.
The big boy was kissed by the drooling dog.
The drooling dog kissed the big boy.
John and the man went to the store.
Bruce loved and Kelly hated phonology class.
The kangaroo hopped over the truck.
I haven't seen this sentence before.
Susan will never sing at weddings.
The officer carefully inspected the license.
Every cat always knows the location of her favorite catnip toy.
The cat put her catnip toy on the plastic mat.
The very young child walked from school to the store.
John paid a dollar for a head of lettuce.
Teenagers drive rather quickly.
A clever magician with the right equipment can fool the audience easily.
The police might plant the drugs in the apartment.
Those Olympic hopefuls should practice diligently daily.
The latest research on dieting always warns people about the dangers of too much cholesterol.
That annoying faucet was dripping constantly for months.
Marian wonders if the package from Boston will ever arrive.
I said that Bonny should do some dances from the Middle East.
That Dan smokes in the office really bothers Alina.
The belief that syntactic theory reveals the inner structure of sentences emboldened the already much too cocky professor.
I bought the parrot in the store.
I put the milk in the fridge.
I mailed the sweater to Mary.
I knew the man with the brown hair.
John said Mary went to the store quickly.
I discovered an old English poem.
Susanne gave the minivan to George.
Clyde got a passionate love letter from Stacy.
He blew out the candle.
He turned off the light.
He blew up the building.
He rode out the storm.
Shannon left quietly every day.
Juliet says that Romeo lies to his parents a lot.
The puppy licked the kitten's face.
It is raining.
Fred feels fine.
That Bill's breath smells of onions bothers Erin.
Susan kissed the clown's nose.
Cedric danced a jolly jig.
Dale said that the lawn was overgrown.
Gilgamesh cut the steak with a knife.
We drove all the way to Buenos Aires.
John tagged Lewis with a regulation baseball on Tuesday.
The big man from New York loves bagels with cream cheese.
Susan rode a bright blue train from New York.
The plucky platypus kicked a can of soup from New York to Tucson.
John said Martha sang the aria with gusto.
Martha said John sang the aria from La Bohème.
The book of poems with the bright red cover stinks.
Louis hinted Mary stole the purse deftly.
The extremely tired students hated syntactic trees with a passion.
Many soldiers have claimed bottled water satisfies thirst best.
Networking helps you grow your business.
I didn't read a single book the whole time I was in the library.
I did not have a red cent.
Felicia wrote a fine paper on Zapotec.
Heidi hit herself on the head with a zucchini.
Heidi believes any description of herself.
John knew that there would be a picture of himself hanging in the post.
Although he loves marshmallows, John is not a big fan of chocolate.
His yearbook picture gives Tom the creeps.
Marilyn Monroe is Norma Jeane Baker.
Gene Simmons was originally named Haim Goldberg.
Kevin ate spaghetti with a spoon and Geordie did so too.
The chef eats beans and serves salads with forks.
I am frightened of tigers.
I am afraid of tigers.
I am fond of circus performers.
I fear tigers.
I like circus performers.
I am afraid of tigers and fond of clowns without exception.
I am frightened of tigers and fond of clowns without exception.
Bob is very serious about Mary, but less so than Paul.
The book of poems with a red cover from Blackwell by Robert Burns takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems with a red cover from Blackwell by Robert Burns takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems from Blackwell with a red cover by Robert Burns takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems from Blackwell by Robert Burns with a red cover takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems by Robert Burns from Blackwell with a red cover takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems by Robert Burns with a red cover from Blackwell takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems with a red cover by Robert Burns from Blackwell takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems with a red cover and with a blue spine takes a very long time to read.
the book of poems and of fiction from Blackwell takes a very long time to read.
I loved the policeman intensely with all my heart.
Mika loved the policeman intensely and Susan did so half heartedly.
John fears dogs.
John is afraid of dogs.
Two or three books take a very long time to read.
The red dress with the pink stripes looks good on Sandy.
The ugly man from Brazil found books of poems in the puddle.
Erin never keeps her pencils in the correct drawer.
Dan walked to New Mexico in the rain last year.
George wrote a volume of poems in Latin for Jane.
People with boxes of old clothes lined up behind the door of the building with the leaky roof.
That automobile factories abound in Michigan worries me greatly.
No one understands that phrase structure rules explain the little understood phenomenon of the infinite length of sentences.
My favorite language is a language with simple morphology and complicated syntax.
Ivan got a headache on Wednesday from the disgruntled students of phonology from Michigan.
The collection of syntax articles with the red cover bores students of syntax in Tucson.
The red volume of obscene verse from Italy shocked the puritan soul of the minister with the beard quite thoroughly yesterday.
The biggest man in the room said that John danced an Irish jig from County Kerry to County Tipperary on Thursday.
A burlap sack of potatoes with mealy skins fell on the professor of linguistics with the terrible taste in T-shirts from the twelfth story.
The bright green filing cabinet was filled to the brim with the most boring articles from a prestigious journal of linguistics with a moderately large readership.
The coat of the panther is dark black.
The roof of the building is leaking.
The hat of the man standing over there impressed me greatly.
The panther's coat is dark black.
The building's roof is leaking.
The man standing over there's hat impressed me greatly.
The boy ran.
Howard is a linguistics student.
Peter said that Danny danced.
Bill wants Susan to leave.
Peter thinks that Cathy loves him.
People selling their stocks caused the crash of 1929.
For Mary to love that boor is a travesty.
I said that Mary signed my yearbook.
I want Mary to sign my yearbook.
I've never seen you eat asparagus.
I know you ate asparagus.
I've never seen him eat asparagus.
I think that he eats asparagus.
I want to eat asparagus.
I want him to eat asparagus.
I wonder if he eats asparagus.
For him to eat asparagus is a travesty.
I asked for him to eat the asparagus.
I think he will eat asparagus.
Fabio asked if Claus had run a marathon.
You can lead a horse to water but will it drink?
He will go.
He goes.
The peanut butter has got moldy.
The swing blasted the golf ball across the green.
That Harry loves dancing is evidenced by his shiny tap shoes.
The Brazilians pumped the oil across the river.
Lenin believes the Tsar to be a power hungry dictator.
Brezhnev had said for Andropov to leave.
Yeltsin saw Stalin holding the bag.
Robert thinks that students should eat asparagus.
Robert thinks that student should eat asparagus.
Linguistics students like phonetics tutorials.
Martha said that Bill loved his Cheerios in the morning.
Eloise wants you to study a new language. assume to = T.
For Maurice to quarrel with Joel frightened Maggie.
No man has ever beaten the centaur.
Rosemary hates New York.
Jennie smiled.
Traci gave the whale a lollipop.
Ryan hit Andrew.
Michael accidentally broke the glass.
Leah likes cookies.
Lorenzo saw the eclipse.
Syntax frightens Kenny.
Alyssa kept her syntax book.
The arrow hit Ben.
The psychologist hates phonology.
Doug went to Chicago.
Dave was given the margarita mix.
George gave Jessica the book.
Daniel received a scolding from Hanna.
Bob gave Steve the syntax assignment.
Stacy came directly from linguistics class.
Andrew is in Tucson's finest apartment.
Chris hacked the computer apart with an axe.
This key will open the door to the linguistics building.
He bought these flowers for Aaron.
She cooked Matt dinner.
John put the book on the table.
John put the book on the table with a pair of tongs.
Megan loves Kevin.
It rained.
It snowed.
It hailed.
That Bill loves chocolate is likely.
It is likely that Bill likes chocolate.
I put a book on it.
It bit me on the leg.
Shannon sent Dan an email.
Stacy hit a baseball to Julia.
Jaime danced a jig.
Yuko rubbed the pizza with a garlic clove.
It is raining in San Francisco.
The stodgy professor left with his teaching assistant.
I played a tune on my iPod.
Molly gave Calvin a kiss.
Mercedes gave a test to the students in the lecture hall.
Spot ate a cat treat.
Susan ate yesterday at the restaurant.
Gwen looked at a fire truck.
Michael asked a question.
Adam asked if Hyacinth likes pineapples.
I feel it is unfortunate that television is so vulgar these days.
That Angus hates sushi is mysterious.
John bit the apple.
Susan forgave Louis.
The jockey rides the horse.
Phillip gave the soldier the medal.
The apple was bitten.
Louis was forgiven.
The horse was ridden.
The medal was given to the soldier.
The soldier was given the medal.
The apple was bitten by John.
Louis was forgiven by Susan.
The horse was ridden by the jockey.
The medal was given to the soldier by Phillip.
The soldier was given the medal by Phillip.
I ate a basket of apples.
I ate.
I think that John likes his beer.
I think John likes his beer.
I ordered that John drink his beer.
I ordered John drink his beer.
I ordered John to drink his beer.
I inquired if John likes his beer.
Heidi thinks that Andy is eating salmon flavored candy bars.
Heidi thinks that Andy has eaten salmon flavored candy bars.
Heidi thinks that Andy will eat salmon flavored candy bars.
Heidi thinks that Andy eats salmon flavored candy bars.
Heidi thinks that the salmon flavored candy bars were eaten.
He has danced.
I had eaten the deep fried muffins.
I have eaten the beef waffles.
I will have eaten the beef waffles.
Jeff was dancing with Sylvia while Amy sat angrily at their table.
The soup had been being eaten when it got spilled.
Jeff must have eaten the deep fried muffin.
Jeff must not have eaten the deep fried muffin.
Calvin has a peanut.
Susan has a cold.
Bill had an accident.
Calvin has eaten a peanut.
Frank has drunk too much.
Bill has been dancing.
Dane is a doctor.
Jorge was the one.
Alex was eating the popsicle.
Megan was sat on by her brother.
Catherine did her homework.
Catherine did not eat.
Calvin did not do a back flip.
Has Bill eaten his tuna?
Is Bill eating his tuna?
Did Bill eat his dinner?
Angus is not leaving.
Calvin has not eaten his dinner.
Spot did not play with his mouse.
I should not eat plums.
Calvin will not eat the beef waffles.
I ate deep fried muffins.
He always eats deep fried muffins.
He might eat deep fried muffins.
I might eat deep fried muffins.
He will eat deep fried muffins.
Sylvia will be slapping Jeff upside the head in martial arts class.
Sylvia could be slapping Jeff upside the head in martial arts class.
Sylvia is slapping Jeff upside the head in martial arts class.
The cat had eaten.
The cat had been eating.
The tuna had been eaten.
The cat was leaving.
The tuna was being eaten.
The cake was eaten.
Reggie did not chase the ball.
Did Calvin eat the beef waffles?
What did Calvin eat?
The prisoner must have been being interrogated when the supervisor walked into the room and saw what was going on and put a stop to it.
Fiona must not eat the sauteed candy canes.
Fiona has not eaten the sauteed candy canes.
Can Fiona eat sauteed candy canes?
I wanted him to leave.
I wanted to leave.
Heidi investigated whether John ate the cauliflower.
Heidi investigated if John ate the cauliflower.
John said Heidi was obsessed with broccoli.
Andy promised that we would go.
Andy promised we would go.
Andy promised to go.
If I were a rich man, I'd buy a diamond ring.
Rory eats.
Rory ate muffins.
The muffins were eaten.
Rory had eaten the muffins.
Rory has eaten the muffins.
Rory must have eaten the muffins.
Rory may be eating the muffins.
Rory will eat the muffins.
Rory eats muffins.
Rory is eating muffins.
Rory might have been eating the muffins.
The muffins might have been being eaten.
The tuna had been being eaten.
Calvin will eat.
The tuna will be eaten.
Calvin will be eating.
Calvin will have eaten.
The tuna will be being eaten.
The tuna will have been eaten.
Calvin will have been eating.
Calvin was eating.
Calvin had eaten.
Calvin had been eating.
The tuna must have been eaten.
The tuna will have been being eaten.
He has not eaten yet today.
I have never seen this movie.
I never have a pen when I need it.
I have always loved peanut butter.
I do not love peanut butter.
Martha often thinks Kim hates phonology.
Do you like peanut butter?
Have you always hated peanut butter?
Are you always thinking dirty thoughts?
Bradley left.
Stacy left Tucson.
John left his wife.
That John will leave is likely.
It is likely that John will leave.
The policeman kissed the puppy.
The puppy was kissed by the policeman.
The puppy was kissed.
John laughed.
The audience laughed.
Jennifer swatted Steve.
Steve swatted Jennifer.
She swatted him.
He swatted her.
I walk.
You walk.
It is likely that Patrick left.
That Patrick left is likely.
Patrick is likely to leave.
He kissed her.
She was kissed.
Stacy danced at the palace.
Stacy arrived at the palace.
The Shah slept in a bed.
The bed was slept in by the Shah.
Dust fell on the bed.
Bill was hit by the baseball.
Bill gave Sue the book.
Sue was given the book by Bill.
I cut the soft bread.
The soft bread cuts easily.
The boat sank.
The torpedo sank the boat.
The captain sank the boat.
The captain sank the boat with a torpedo.
The boat was sunk by the captain with a torpedo.
I sent a book to Louis.
I sent Louis a book.
A book was sent to Louis.
Louis was sent a book.
John seems to have left.
Bill wants John to leave.
John wants Bill to leave.
John wants him to leave.
John believes him to have been at the game.
He is believed by John to have been at the game.
He is believed to have been at the game.
Becky bought the syntax book.
What did Becky buy?
What did Stacy say Becky bought?
Matt kissed her.
Whom did Matt kiss?
I wonder who Jim kissed.
The fact that I like strawberry flavored milk shakes is none of your business.
She made the outrageous claim that tuna flavored milkshakes are good for you.
I asked where you found it.
I won't reveal the place.
I asked who she kissed.
I know several people who she kissed.
I know several people she kissed.
I know several people that she kissed.
I know I bought the book you recommended.
I know I bought the book that you recommended.
The guy who is wearing the red hat just hit me!
That guy, who I think might be drunk, just hit me!
What did Bill claim that he read?
What do you think Matt kissed?
I wonder what John bought.
How do you think John bought the sweater?
How do you think John bought what?
I wonder what John bought how.
I wonder what John kissed.
I asked what John kissed.
That the police would arrest several rioters was a certainty.
I liked Mary and John.
I ate some popcorn and drank some soda.
Who loves who?
Who loves whom?
Shelly loves who?
Fred saw a spaceship in the linguistics lounge?
What is bothering you?
Who has seen my snorkel?
How was the plot discovered by the authorities?
Which animals appear to have lost their collars?
What did Jean think was likely to have been stolen?
Car sales have surprised the stockbrokers.
Can you find the light bulb store?
John was bitten by an advertising executive.
It is likely that Tami will leave New York.
Tami is likely to leave New York.
Lucy seems to have been mugged.
What did you buy at the supermarket?
What is it likely for Beth to have bought at the supermarket?
What is likely to have been bought at the supermarket?
The trail we walked today was built by slave labor.
Bill is always complaining about the guys who work near him.
The cost of bagels that are imported from Iceland surprised the teacher who Mike hired last week.
Josh gave Clay a book carefully.
Briana showed Justin himself.
I blew up the building.
I blew the building up.
I blew it up.
Susan sent the package to Heidi.
I asked Mike if he had seen the Yeti.
I bought some flowers for Manuel.
I bought Manuel some flowers.
Jean is likely to leave.
Jean is reluctant to leave.
Jean wants Brian to leave.
Jean persuaded Brian to leave.
That Jean left is likely.
It is likely that Jean left.
Jean is likely to dance.
The cat is out of the bag.
The cat thinks that he is out of the bag.
It is likely that Jean will dance.
Jean wants Robert.
Jean wants him.
I want Jean.
I want Jean to dance.
Jean wants herself to dance.
Jean is reluctant.
To find a new mate, go to a dating service.
Jean tried to behave.
Robert knows that it is essential to be well behaved.
Robert knows that it is essential.
Robert knows it is essential that he is well behaved.
Louis begged Kate to leave.
Louis begged Kate that he be allowed to shave himself.
To behave oneself in public is expected.
Robert knew that it was necessary to behave himself.
Mike expected Greg incorrectly to take out the trash.
The boys don't all want to leave.
Robert is eager to do his homework.
Jean seems to be in a good mood.
Rosemary tried to get a new car.
Susan begged Bill to let her sing in the concert.
Susan begged to be allowed to sing in the concert.
Christina is ready to leave.
Fred was believed to have wanted to try to dance.
Susan consented to try to seem to have been kissed.
Alan told me who wanted to seem to be invincible.
What did John want to eat?
This book is easy to read.
John is easy to please.
To improve myself is a goal for next year.
To improve yourself would be a good idea.
To improve himself, Bruce should consider therapy.
To improve herself, Jane went to a health spa.
Kathleen really hates her job.
My brother likes collecting jazz records.
Martina is deathly afraid of spiders.
That kind of behavior annoys me.
The news pleased the students.
Horror films disturb Milo.
The exhibition really impressed the critics.
Kathleen hates those pictures of herself.
The children admired photos of each other.
Sandra hates reading about herself in the tabloids.
Pictures of himself always disturb Milo.
To be able to buy myself a ticket to France would be a dream.
Reading about herself in the tabloids always annoys Sandra.
Brandon has been reading more novels than he has short stories.
Robin will eat cabbage but she won't ice cream.
John could bake something, but I'm not sure what.
Frank will eat an apple and Morgan will too.
Frank will eat an apple and Morgan will eat an apple too.
Calvin will strike himself.
Calvin will strike himself and Otto will too.
Calvin will strike himself and Otto will strike himself too.
Calvin has dated every girl who Jeff has.
Calvin has dated every girl who Jeff has dated.
I know which guys you've dated, but I don't know which guys you haven't.
Calvin will fire someone today, but I don't know who.
Peter was talking with someone but I don't know who.
Brandon read every book that Megan did.
Every book that Megan did Brandon read too.
Darin has eaten more squid than John has octopus.
What does Calvin like.
Alexandra wants to catch a fish and Sylvia does too.
Calvin admired himself in the mirror.
Chris wants himself to win.
Which pictures of himself did Chris see in the gallery?
Chris liked which pictures of himself?
Which pictures of himself did Chris like?
Heidi thinks that she has won.
Heidi thinks that pictures of herself are beautiful.
Heidi gave a present to herself.
The army's destruction of the palace was a tragedy.
The army destroyed the palace.
Heidi wants to kiss herself.
Heidi said that pictures of herself were embarrassing.
Heidi saw Peter's picture of her.
Heidi saw drawings of her.
John loves himself.
John loves pictures of himself.
John thinks that most depictions of himself are wrong.
John seems to like pictures of himself.
John believes himself to be the best at baseball.
John wants to congratulate himself.
John loves his puppy.
John asked if the unflattering description of his work would be published in the paper.
John asked if his essay would be published in the paper.
Any owl can hunt mice.
John talked to any woman who came up to him.
Any woman who heard the news contributed to the fund.
Any man who saw the fly in the food didn't eat dinner.
You may pick any flower.
Any pilot could be flying this plane.
Any student must work hard.
Any doctor will tell you that.
Any soldier should be prepared to die for her country.
John talked to a woman.
John didn't talk to a woman.
John kissed even the ugliest woman.
John kissed even the ugliest woman who came up to him.
A lion is usually majestic.
A philosopher is sometimes wrong.
Any philosopher is sometimes wrong.
You must pick a flower.
A pilot must be flying this plane.
A student must work hard.
A soldier should be prepared to die for her country.
Rarely is any lion majestic.
Seldom is any lion majestic.
Never is any lion majestic.
You may pick absolutely any flower.
You may pick almost any flower.
Almost any pilot could be flying this plane.
Absolutely any pilot could be flying this plane.
You may pick any flower except the rose.
Any pilot except Sue could be flying this plane.
John talked to absolutely any woman who came up to him.
John talked to almost any woman who came up to him.
John talked to any woman who came up to him except Sue.
John put carrots from his garden in the salad.
John put any carrot from his garden in the salad.
John talked to a woman who came up to him.
A woman who heard the news contributed to the fund.
A man who saw the fly in the food didn't eat dinner.
John talked to every woman who came up to him.
Every woman who heard the news contributed to the fund.
Every man who saw the fly in the food didn't eat dinner.
John talked to every woman.
Mary regretted that she did anything to help him.
Every student who is in Mary's class is working on polarity items.
It happens to be true of every student in Mary's class that he is working on polarity items.
Every student in Mary's class, by virtue of being in her class, is working on polarity items.
Every student in Mary's class happened to vote Republican.
Every woman standing under that tree is Mary's friend.
The President thanked every soldier who had fought in the.
Everybody who attended last week's huge rally signed the petition.
We didn't keep a list of the names, but the President thanked every soldier who had fought in the Gulf War.
The President thanked any soldier who had fought in the Gulf.
Every restaurant that advertises in any of these papers happens to have four stars in the handbook.
Everybody who is in Mary's semantics seminar is writing a paper on polarity items.
John talked to any woman at the party.
John talked to any politician who is powerful.
Mary confidently answered any objections.
After the dinner, we threw away any leftovers.
John bought any picture of Queen Elizabeth that was on sale.
Every philosopher is sometimes wrong, but he usually doesn't admit it.
Any female tiger has orange fur, marked with black stripes.
Birds fly.
Any bird flies.
All fugitives are in jail now.
All lizards will die.
Yesterday John talked to any woman he saw.
Snow is white and snow is not white.
Any man didn't eat dinner.
Mary talks to any student.
Mary talked to any student who was angry.
Any pilot must be out flying planes today.
Every student read any book on giraffes he found.
You may pick any of the flowers.
You may pick every flower.
You may pick any flower, but leave a few for Mary.
You may pick any five flowers.
Mary didn't pick any of the flowers.
Pick any flower.
Confiscate any liquor.
Pick any of these flowers.
Every student in Mary's class is working on negative polarity.
There were twenty students at the lecture and every student who was there said it was inspiring.
We have many graduate students but this year the graduate director met with every student in the graduate program individually to discuss their progress.
Susan found every book she had been looking for at Borders.
Paul has interviewed every student who was at the scene of the crime and Kate has interviewed them too.
There is every book by Chomsky in this library.
There's everything Mary had asked for in this store.
There is any book you could imagine in this library.
There's anything Mary could desire in this store.
That evening John laughed with everybody he talked to.
That evening John laughed with anybody he talked to.
John talked to everybody who came up to him at the party.
John talked to anybody who came up to him at the party.
Bill offered Mary everything he had cooked for dinner.
Those days Bill offered Mary everything he cooked.
Those days Bill offered Mary anything he cooked.
John made a fool of himself in front of everyone who was there.
John made a fool of himself in front of anyone who was there.
Mary sang for everyone who wanted to hear her.
Mary sang for anyone who wanted to hear her.
John slipped in front of everyone who was there.
At 4 p.m. I saw John lecturing to everyone who was near him.
John knew every language that we encountered on our trip.
John knew any language that we encountered on our trip.
John liked everything that was placed before him.
John liked anything that was placed before him.
At the end of his speech, the president thanked any soldier who had fought in the gulf war.
Bob does not think that there is anyone from Greece in his basement.
Can anyone pledge $1000?
Is it possible for everyone to to pledge $1000?
Is there someone who can pledge $1000?
If anybody comes, he rings the doorbell.
Every student who wins any trophy displays it in a prominent place.
John didn't see anything.
Every who read anything passed.
No student who read anything passed.
Any cat doesn't like mice.
Every cat doesn't like mice.
Every cat doesn't like mice, for example Felix doesn't.
Almost every cat likes mice, but Felix doesn't.
Almost every cat likes mice, for example Felix doesn't.
The Dodgers beat the Red Sox and the Dodgers were beaten by the Giants.
The Dodgers beat the Red Sox and the Giants beat the Dodgers.
Different teams beat the Red Sox and were beaten by the Giants.
John gave the books to Mary and the records to Sue.
How many did you buy of those pies at the fair?
how many have you given of these books to these people.
The man that chased Fido returned.
The man I think chased Fido returned.
The man who I think chased Fido returned.
Who did you think Mary saw?
How slowly would you say he was driving?
How suspicious was Mary?
Who saw the man?
Who do you think that you saw?
Who do you regret that you saw?
Who do you think you saw?
Who do you think saw you?
Who is it that Mary likes?
He was talkative.
He was a bully.
He was talkative and a bully.
John is easy to please and to love.
The kennel which Mary made and Fido sleeps in has been stolen.
The kennel in which Mary keeps drugs and Fido sleeps has been stolen.
John saw more horses than Bill saw or Pete talked to.
John saw more horses than Bill saw cows or Pete talked to cats.
I know a man who Bill saw and Mary liked.
I know a man who saw Bill and liked Mary.
I wonder who Bill saw and Mary liked.
I wonder who Mary likes and hopes will win.
Which book and which pencil did John buy?
On which table and under which flower pot did John put the keys?
To which city and to which conference did Bill go?
To which city and which conference did Bill go?
Which city and which conference did Bill go to?
John, to who and to whose friends that letter was addressed, is a fool.
I wonder when and how often she went that day.
I wonder who and whose friends he handed over to the FBI.
I have wanted to know exactly what happened to Rosa Luxemburg for many years.
I have wanted to know for many years exactly what happened to Rosa.
I had hoped that it was true that Rosa Luxemburg had actually defected to Iceland for many years.
I had hoped that it was true for many years that Rosa Luxemburg had actually defected to Iceland.
I have wanted to meet the man who spent so much money planning the assassination of Kennedy for many years.
I have wanted to meet for many years the man who spent so much money planning the assassination of Kennedy.
The woman believed that the man was ill who was here.
The woman believed that the man who was here was ill.
The woman who was here believed that the man was ill.
A woman hit a girl who was pregnant.
People are said to do crazier things at higher speeds there by Dorothy than they are by other people.
People are said to do such crazy things at such high speeds there by Dorothy that I am getting skeptical.
A woman hit a pregnant girl.
A pregnant woman hit a girl.
A man just came in and a woman went out who were similar in all kinds of ways.
A man just came in and a woman went out who hate each other like poison and always have.
Jack may be and Tony certainly is a werewolf.
Harry has claimed but I do not believe that Melvin is a Communist.
I like but Tom doesn't like to visit new places.
I can tell you when, but I can't tell you why, he left me.
I've been wondering whether, but wouldn't positively want to state that.
John hummed, and Mary sang, the same tune.
John hummed, and Mary sang, at equal volumes.
John gave Mary, and Joan presented to Fred, books which looked.
The Red Sox beat, and the Giants were beaten by, different teams.
Smith loaned, and his widow later donated, a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.
Which club did you hit the winning putt with?
With which club did you hit the winning putt?
Ethel was sitting at her desk.
The accountant was sitting at her desk.
Accountants audit our finances every year.
Some accountants were quietly counting in the back office.
Would more accountants make any difference to my tax bill?
The truck spread salt.
The truck spread the salt.
The truck spread salts.
This truck spread less salt than that one.
There are fewer trucks on the motorway this winter.
There are less trucks on the motorway this winter.
Dogs chase cats.
Flora cooks.
Flora cooks gourmet meals.
The cat shot into the kitchen on Sunday morning carrying a dead mouse.
The cat sauntered into the kitchen carrying a dead mouse.
Maisie drove her car from Morningside to Leith on Wednesday.
On Wednesday Maisie drove her car from Morningside to Leith.
Maisie drove her car on Wednesday from Morningside to Leith.
Jeeves sauntered into the room.
Into the room sauntered Jeeves.
Which room did Jeeves sauntered into?
Into which room did Jeeves sauntered?
Barbara handed the results to Alan on Tuesday.
The pupils in this maths class gave cakes to Margaret every.
Cakes were given to Margaret every Friday by the pupils in this maths class.
This parcel is very heavy.
This very heavy parcel was delivered yesterday.
Very heavy, this parcel!
What this parcel is is very heavy.
We felled the murder with this chainsaw.
With this chainsaw we felled the murder.
Barbara handed the intriguing results of the latest examination to Alan on Tuesday.
Barbara handed them to Alan on Tuesday.
This large parcel is very heavy.
This large parcel is very heavy and so is this small packet.
Vera is knitting in the lounge.
Vera is knitting there.
Grandma is coming to Mr Chalky's school tomorrow.
Grandma is coming here tomorrow.
The cat was sleeping in the kitchen.
The cat trotted into the kitchen.
The mouse jumped out of the cheese box.
The mouse was out the cheese box.
The cat trotted in the kitchen.
The cat trotted in.
The mouse jumped out.
The terrier attacked the burglar.
The terrier savaged the burglar's ankles.
The terrier attacked the burglar and the terrier savaged the burglar's ankles.
The terrier attacked the burglar and savaged the burglar's ankles.
Did the wealthy young man buy that piano for his secret fiancée?
Who bought that piano for his secret fiancée?
What did the wealthy young man buy for his secret fiancée?
Who did the wealthy young man buy that piano for?
The wealthy young man bought his secret fiancée that piano.
That piano was bought for his secret fiancée by the wealthy young man.
I don't like the plum brandy, but the port I just love.
Frank bought the piano for Jane.
Frank bought Jane the piano.
The piano was bought for Jane by Frank.
The piano Frank bought for Jane.
Did Frank buy the piano for Jane?
Did Frank buy Jane the piano?
Was the piano bought for Jane by Frank?
What did Frank buy for Jane?
Frank bought something for Jane.
Did Frank buy something for Jane.
What did Frank buy for Jane.
The children chased the dog.
The cook saved no scraps for the dog.
Sarah devoured the cakes in the kitchen last night.
Mr Knightley despaired.
Emma slighted Miss Bates.
Jane Fairfax seemed upset.
Mr Woodhouse sat in an armchair.
Mr Knightley walked into the drawing room.
Mr Elton handed his wife into the carriage.
Emma gave bad advice to Harriet.
Mr Knightley suggested that thieves would break into Hartfield.
Eleanor blamed Willoughby for Marianne's unhappiness.
Eleanor blamed Marianne's unhappiness on Willoughby.
The Romans built this aqueduct.
The computer will calculate the value of the variable.
These objections killed the proposal.
Too much salt damages vehicles.
Too many vehicles are damaged by salt.
Frank Churchill gave a piano to Jane Fairfax.
A piano was given to Jane Fairfax by Frank Churchill.
Wickham eloped with Lydia.
Miss Bates can chatter on for hours.
Henry Crawford loved Fanny but Fanny loved Edmund.
Mr Bingley became tired of Jane or Mr D'Arcy persuaded Mr.
Elizabeth regretted that she had met Wickham.
Catherine feared that the Abbey was haunted.
That Anne was in conversation with Mr Elliott dismayed Captain.
Fanny was delighted by the idea that she could subscribe to a library.
Who thought up the proposal that the committee be abolished?
The cottage which Mrs Dashwood accepted was rather small.
The gentleman who saved Marianne was Willoughby.
The building that we liked is in Thornton Lacey.
It was Anne Elliott who loved Captain Wentworth but who rejected his first proposal.
A motorist has reported that the road is blocked by snow at Bunker Hill.
The Labrador ate all the food which we left on the kitchen table.
Show me the folder in which you stored the documents.
I like the book that you gave me.
I love the food they cook in the halls of residence.
A motorist has reported the road is blocked at Bunker Hill.
I am delighted at the idea they might demolish the Appleton Tower.
The cottage which Mrs Dashwood accepted was very small.
Anne Musgrave has just seen Mr Elliott in Bath Street.
Nurse Rooke has discovered where Anne Elliott stayed.
Nurse Rooke suspected that Mrs Clay planned to run away with.
Anne astonished her father.
That Captain Wentworth married Anne astonished her father.
Sir Walter Elliott imagined the scene.
Sir Walter Elliott imagined that he was still handsome.
Yesterday Lydia eloped with Wickham.
Lydia eloped with Wickham yesterday.
When Lydia went to Brighton, she eloped with Wickham.
Lydia eloped with Wickham when she went to Brighton.
Because of the strike the commuters travelled by army lorry.
The commuters travelled by army lorry because of the strike.
Because the bus drivers were on strike, the commuters travelled by army lorry.
The commuters travelled by army lorry because the bus drivers were on strike.
Although Mr D'Arcy disliked Mrs Bennet he married Elizabeth.
In spite of his dislike of Mrs Bennet, Mr D'Arcy married Elizabeth.
If Emma had left Hartfield, Mr Woodhouse would have been unhappy.
Did Captain Wentworth write a letter to Anne Elliott?
Write a letter to Anne Elliott.
The girls wondered who Mr Bennet had received in his library.
We were wondering who did you meet at the conference.
She said that in came Aunt Norris.
She said that into the room came Aunt Norris.
Never had Sir Thomas been so offended.
Dr Jones habitually ate too much rich food, didn't he?
Fanny stopped talking because in came Aunt Norris.
Mr Yates left because never had Sir Thomas been so offended.
Fanny had just stopped talking when in came Aunt Norris.
Fanny regretted talking to Mary.
Henry wanted to marry Fanny.
Mrs Bennet having taken the others upstairs, Mr Bingley proposed to.
All Mr Collins does is praise Lady de Bourg.
Lady de Bourg tried to persuade Elizabeth to renounce Mr D'Arcy.
Henry wanted to have married Fanny before Edmund returned.
Fanny regretted having talked to Mary.
What Mr Collins is doing is praising Lady de Bourg.
Julia and Maria wanted to be allowed to perform a play.
Edmund wanted Fanny to be able to ride a horse.
Fanny loved talking to Mary.
Slamming the door, he ran down the steps.
When ripe, these apples will be delicious.
The tigers hunt prey at night.
Fiona hoped to meet the Prime Minister.
Arthur tried to bake a cake.
Fiona persuaded Arthur to bake a cake.
Susan wanted Jane to study German.
Ayala went to the ball and chatted to Jonathan Stubbs.
Ayala went to the ball and was chatted to by Jonathan Stubbs.
All the Beatles came to Merle Park.
The Beatles all came to Merle Park.
Both Jane and Elizabeth were at home.
Jane and Elizabeth were both at home.
Larry hunted all the foxes.
George built both the houses.
All the foxes were hunted by Larry.
Augusta blamed herself for what happened.
These documents Elizabeth is checking at this very moment.
Louise broke the cup.
Alison drove the car.
Martha chewed the bread.
The cup was broken by Louise.
The car was driven by Alison.
The bread was chewed by Martha.
These fields were marched over by all the armies of Europe.
How is someone to chat to a girl if she does not go out?
All the armies of Europe marched over these fields.
Ayala sent back the diamond necklace.
Ayala sent the diamond necklace back.
Ayala sent her cousin the diamond necklace.
Tatiana wrote to Onegin.
Frank bought a piano for Jane.
Lucy sent a letter to Jane.
Lucy sent Jane a letter.
The company sent China its senior mining engineers to help plan the new mines.
Who did John send a book to?
To whom did John send a book?
What place did you travel to?
To what place did you travel?
What place did John send the book?
Only to the best students would he give this book.
Only to Glasgow would he go by train.
It is to the best students that he gives this book.
It is to Ireland that he is going.
He told her the whole story.
She told him the whole story.
The other plan she rejected out of hand.
The vase got broken that Sheila had brought all the way from.
The plan was rejected out of hand that traffic should be banned.
Norman Lemming jumped off the cliff and William Lemming did so too.
Norman Lemming jumped off the cliff and so did William Lemming.
Harriet couldn't marry Mr Knightley but Emma could.
What Harriet did was marry Mr Martin.
Marry Mr Martin was what Harriet did.
Emma insulted Miss Bates and annoyed Mr Knightley.
Harriet swooned.
The book is astonishingly boring.
The Ethel we all know and love wishes to ask you some awkward questions.
Golfers can be good company.
Enthusiastic golfers with large handicaps can be good company.
These enthusiastic golfers that I met at the nineteenth hole can be good company.
Memo ate the spaghetti.
Memo liked lasagna.
Emma made Harriet her friend.
The quiche and I were cooking.
Erika made her mother an omelet and the kitchen a mess.
Bill went to London on Monday.
Bill went on Monday to London.
My brother lives near Strasbourg.
Near Strasbourg my brother lives.
He planted the garden with roses last November.
He planted the garden last November with roses.
The baby chewed the biscuit.
The baby is heavy.
What the baby did was chew the biscuit.
The baby was chewing the biscuit.
Chew the biscuit!
Hartfield House is in Surrey.
Mr Knightley rode to Kingston.
Eleanor and Marianne travelled from Shropshire.
Frank gave a piano to Jane Fairfax.
Jane Fairfax received a piano from Frank.
The thief smashed the window with a hammer.
Captain Wentworth recovered the property for Mrs Smith.
The window was broken by a hammer.
Wren built St Paul's Cathedral.
Siobhan burnt a pattern on the piece of wood.
The dog dug a hole in the lawn.
The vase stood on the table in the hall.
Imogen took the vase to her mother's.
Imogen broke the vase.
Sue knows the answer.
The answer is known to Sue.
Jim was happily chopping logs.
Jim was chopping logs when Margaret left and was still at it when she got back.
Jim was enthusiastically chopping logs.
Captain Oates died in order to save his comrades.
This arch supports the weight of the tower.
What this arch does is support the weight of the tower.
This arch is supporting the weight of the tower.
The computer is playing six simultaneous games of three dimensional chess.
The intense cold killed the climbers.
The climbers were killed by the intense cold.
The climbers were killed with the intense cold.
Catriona opened the door with this key.
The visas are with the passports.
Sally went to the party with Andrew.
Alan made the loaf with strong white flour.
The builders made the wall with concrete blocks.
The gardener planted roses in the garden.
It was roses that the gardener planted in the garden.
It is the garden that the gardener planted with roses.
Roses are certain to be planted in the garden by the gardener.
The garden is certain to be planted with roses by the gardener.
Helen sent a scarf to Jim for Margaret.
What happened was they went home.
They're believing everything you say.
You'll soon be owning all the land round here.
What she did was e-mail all her friends.
Harriet talked to Emma for hours.
The dog chased the cat for days.
Harriet told Emma the whole story.
The dog caught the cat.
The beaver built a dam.
Anne played the tune on the piano.
Jane was playing the piano.
Jane played the piano.
Tess was knocking at the door.
Tess knocked at the door.
Frank Churchill was crossing the street.
Jane is visiting Emma.
Jane visits Emma.
Tess is knocking at the door.
Tess knocks at the door.
Frank Churchill is crossing the street.
Frank Churchill crosses the street.
Real play Valencia next Sunday.
I leave for Paris next week.
The Minister has arrived.
I've been at work for six hours.
Have you ever visited Doubtful Sound?
There was an attack yesterday.
Emma and Harriet were attacked by those bandits.
Those bandits attacked Emma and Harriet yesterday.
The vase was smashed deliberately.
The sheep got infected with scrapie.
The fans were deliberately provoked by a rival group.
The fans got deliberately provoked by a rival group.
Six students got shot accidentally.
Some gifts get used a dozen or so times a year.
Can't you see I'm reading?
People go hunting in the Autumn.
We spent yesterday cooking.
She buys for Harrods.
I saw and he chops.
This sweater washes well.
This book reads well.
These cars sold very quickly last week.
It will take years for the Mersey to clean.
The course is jumping well.
One bomb didn't guide and crashed.
Fiona may be here by 5 o'clock.
If Fiona is here by 5 o'clock, we can go to the party.
It's high time Fiona got a job.
Pat is either stupid or a liar.
Pat is a Republican and proud of it.
Pat is healthy and of sound mind.
Pat is either asleep or at the office.
That was a rude remark and in very bad taste.
Sandy is either a lunatic or under the influence of drugs.
I am hoping to get an invitation and optimistic about my chances.
I am neither an authority on this subject nor trying to portray myself as one.
Pat was neither recommended for promotion nor under any illusions about what that meant.
Pat has become a banker and very conservative.
I consider that a rude remark and in very bad taste.
The scene of the movie was in Chicago.
John sang beautifully.
John sang a carol.
Kim sang and Sandy danced.
Kim and Sandy met.
Kim sang and was accompanied by Sandy.
Kim was a banker.
Dana was quite competent.
Leslie was in the flood zone.
Ronnie was talking to Lou.
Jean was given a prize.
Pat has become a Republican.
Gerry became quite conservative.
Pat became a republican and quite conservative.
We walked slowly and with great care.
They wanted to leave tomorrow or on Tuesday.
We are open Saturdays, any national holiday, and on alternate.
Kim alienates cats and beats his dog.
Kim alienates cats and beat his dog.
Kim alienated cats and beats his dog.
Kim alienated cats and beat his dog.
Which student's grades went unreported?
They found pictures of themselves.
Who did you say my talking to would bother?
Which article did Terry file without reading?
Which books did Robin read and hate?
They talked to Kim and to each other.
He hated himself and his friends.
They were wary of themselves and of each other.
They asked which students and which teachers would get along together.
We called up every man whose father and whose mother had played on the team.
I went to the store and bought some whiskey.
She's gone and ruined her dress now.
I've got to try and find that screw.
She goes and buys some whiskey.
I have gone and bought some whiskey.
I will go and buy some whiskey.
I will try and buy some whiskey.
I went to the store and I bought some whiskey.
I've got to try and I've got to find that screw.
I both went to the store and bought some whiskey.
I've got to both try and find that screw.
Here's the whiskey which I went to the store and bought.
Which dress has she gone and ruined now?
The screw which I've got to try and find holds the door to the frame.
Either we Americans or I myself will get ourselves in trouble.
Either you or I will incriminate ourselves.
You and I may incriminate ourselves.
We Americans and the British pamper ourselves.
You British and you Americans pamper yourselves.
You British or you Americans will get yourselves in trouble.
You and Kerry have outdone yourselves.
You or Kerry have perjured yourselves.
The boys and the girls seem happy.
Either the boys or the girls are going to be there.
The students and Professor Swansong are meeting in the park.
Either Professor Swansong or the graduate students are going to proctor the exam.
Either Dana or Lee is going to lead the parade.
Kim and Terry are happy.
Either Dana or Lee are going to lead the parade.
Kim likes Sandy, and Lee Leslie. to try to go to Rome.
Pat wanted to try to go to Berne, and Chris to go to Rome. to Rome.
Kim went to the store, and then Lou.
Some people go by car, but others by bike.
Some people like bagels, but others cream cheese.
On weekdays, Terry eats meat and vegetables, but on weekends, only vegetables.
John gave the books to Mary at Christmas, and the records to Sue for her birthday.
John talked to his supervisor about his thesis, and Erich to the dean about department politics.
A businessman will drink a martini to relax, and a health nut, a glass of wine, just to remain healthy.
John left his office at 11 and at 12, the library.
A policeman walked in at 11, and at 12, a fireman.
Two days ago, we went out to dinner, and this afternoon, to the movies.
On this table, they put a lamp, and on that table, a radio.
John didn't give the books to Mary and the papers to Sue.
Leslie is rather foolish, and Lou a complete idiot.
Kim seems to be just surviving, and Terry in dire need of our help.
We consider Leslie rather foolish, and Lou a complete idiot.
Pat has become crazy, and Chris an incredible bore.
Pat remembered the appointment and that it was important to be on time.
That Goldstein appointed Heydrich and the implications thereof frightened many observers.
We talked about Mr. Colson and that he had worked at the.
You can depend on my assistant and that he will be on time.
Pat was annoyed by the children's noise and that their parents did nothing to stop it.
We talked about the issues we had worked on as students and that our perspectives had changed over the years.
That our perspectives had changed over the years and the issues we had worked on as students were the topics of discussion.
The clever snake disappeared into a hole in the ground.
This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
Bill will put a picture of this girl in the red coat on your desk before tomorrow.
She will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
Bill will put a picture of her on your desk before tomorrow.
Clean your desk before tomorrow.
This girl will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This boy must not go to school, and his father must not go to school either.
This boy must not go to France, but his father must go to France.
This actress must play in this movie and she will play in this movie.
Can Mary win the race and will Sue win the race too?
This girl will buy bread and so will that one buy bread.
The tourists will go to the park.
Will the tourists go to the park?
Some student from Australia speaks Chinese.
Does some student from Australia speak Chinese?
They would have been walking for hours.
Would they have been walking for hours?
This girl will not buy bread, will she buy bread?
Sean Penn can act well in many kinds of movies, can't he act well in many kinds of movies?
You will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat or you will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
No boys will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat but no boys will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will put it and a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill in the mailbox before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk after the dinner.
This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk after the dinner and before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will eat her breakfast before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will eat her breakfast before tomorrow and put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will eat her breakfast and will put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
This girl in the red coat will put a picture of Bill on your desk.
This girl in the red dress must put a picture of Bill on your desk.
John and Mary will play with Henry and with Sue.
They play unusual music, and I listen to unusual music.
They play and I listen to unusual music.
I love ice milk tea but you hate ice milk tea.
I love but you hate ice milk tea.
She may have thawed the roast and should have thawed the roast.
She may have and should have thawed the roast.
Smith loaned a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library, and his widow later donated a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.
Smith loaned and his widow later donated a valuable collection of manuscripts to the library.
I borrowed large sums of money from the bank, and my sister stole large sums of money from the bank.
I borrowed and my sister stole large sums of money from the bank.
Mary should know that you must go to the station.
That you must go to the station, Mary should know that you must go to the station.
It is your notes that John wants to look at after class.
It is after class that John wants to look at your notes.
It is John who wants to look at your notes after class.
It was Ann who bought a first edition of Richard III for $1000.
It was a first edition of Richard III that Ann bought for $1000.
It was for $1000 that Ann bought a first edition of Richard III.
Mary saw the tall man coming from England.
Mary saw the tall man come from the back.
It is a picture of Bill that this girl in the red coat will put on your desk before tomorrow.
What John wants to look at now is your notes.
It is to Cleveland that John drove the truck.
What John became was deadly afraid of flying.
John told us that he wants to quit school.
What John told us is that he wants to quit school.
John promised us to be gentle.
Mary will arrive tomorrow.
Henri wants the book which is on the top shelf.
What Henri wants is the book which is on the top shelf.
The spy became too friendly with his new contacts.
What the spy became was too friendly with his new contacts.
What this girl in the red coat will do is put a picture of Bill on your desk before tomorrow.
Henri wants to buy these books about cooking.
which books about cooking does Henri want to buy?
I sent it to you.
Bill's mother's friends are waiting at the restaurant.
Bill's mother's friends and John are waiting at the restaurant.
It was John that was waiting at the restaurant.
It was John and Bill that were waiting at the restaurant.
I will eat spaghetti on Sunday with Marco.
I will speak to Hector about this.
I doubt that Mary reads mysteries.
He muttered that the visitors will leave.
The fact that John is snoring is informative.
The man that Mary saw knew me.
That the visiting team won the race could surprise them.
That is what you should see.
John knows that she left.
John knows whether she will come back.
John knows that she left and whether she will come back.
John knows that she left and John knows whether she will come back.
John asked whether she left.
I doubt if she kicks perfect goals every time.
They think that she can do it.
whether she left is most unclear.
That the girl put a picture there proves her guilt.
I prefer for the girl to put a picture there.
For the girl to put a picture there is what I prefer.
For the girl to put a picture there would surprise you.
I prefer for the girl to win.
Let's walk.
I run on the beach.
The three sunbathers went swimming.
I hope that Mary wins.
They know if Mary won.
I wonder whether Mary will win.
They prefer for Mary to leave.
John wonders whether Mary will win.
John wonders whether to win.
Whether she will win is a question Mary never considered.
Whether to win is a question Mary never considered.
I think that you will see that the girl will put a picture on your desk.
They understand that you will prefer for the girl to put a picture on your desk.
Mary cuts the paper easily.
The paper cuts easily.
That he won the race could surprise them.
For him to win the race would surprise them.
John saw Mary.
Harry likes movies.
For Mary to leave on time is important.
John can go to the market on his bike.
Mary should buy some flowers on Sunday.
My niece could write me letters before her third birthday.
My nephew could write letters to his parents with a fountain pen.
John can go to the market quickly.
Mary should buy some flowers for her mother to arrange.
My niece could write me letters more faithfully.
John can quickly go to the market.
My niece could more faithfully write me letters.
John can go to the market on his bike on a truck.
Mary should buy some flowers on Sunday at 5 o'clock.
My nephew could write letters to his parents with a fountain pen with your help.
Pelé visited his uncle.
She sold the car to Sam for five dollars.
She ran the car on propane from Reno to Vegas.
The process changed the substance from solid to liquid to gas to energy.
We associated their subsidiaries with our corporate office.
I cycled around France.
Mary drank some beer in the barn from 6 to nine.
It was in the barn or it took place in the barn.
They wonder whether Mary will run.
They wonder about this.
They wonder.
I know that she runs.
I know.
I said that she runs.
I said that.
I prefer for Mary to run.
I prefer this.
I said for Mary to run.
I said this.
I put the book on the shelf.
Two ships appeared, arrived, remained, emerged.
Suddenly, there appeared two ships on the horizon.
Two inspectors from the INS appeared, arrived, remained, emerged.
The ice melts, breaks.
The door opens, closes.
They melted, broke the ice.
They opened, closed the door.
They cooked, thickened the soup.
I go, run, swim, jump, fly, crawl, dance, walk.
I danced a dance.
He walked the walk.
The time elapsed slowly.
I see stars.
I see.
I liked Mary.
They surrounded the fort.
I gave the charity.
I gave money.
I gave.
I handed the ball to Reg.
John ate.
John knows.
John saw.
John told.
The agency classified the documents.
The war intensified the poverty.
This project is manageable.
it mattered on Sunday.
I saw John on Sunday.
I put the book on the desk on Sunday.
I saw John with a telescope.
I covered the bread with butter.
Mary will complete her exam within an hour.
The hiker will reach the top of the mountain within an hour.
Henri will paint the floor for an hour.
I will read linguistics for an hour.
the student left.
only the student left.
even the student left.
all the students left.
I saw the student.
I saw only the student.
I saw all the students.
John, who I saw yesterday, will visit us.
I saw the brilliant student.
I saw the brilliant one.
I saw the brilliant student with long hair.
I saw the brilliant one with long hair.
I saw the one with long hair.
I saw the physics student.
I saw the student of physics.
I saw the student of physics with long hair.
The big student of physics with long hair in the library.
It is big.
It is with long hair.
It is in the library.
They are intense.
They intensified.
They are special.
They specialized.
She is proud.
she is the mother.
she is the mother of John.
They read the paper.
The paper is readable.
The driver of the car thinks that Mary should leave Dallas for Boise tomorrow.
Her little sister will disagree with her.
The girl he met at the departmental party will very surely call him.
Beavers build dams.
John will see you.
John thinks that Mary left.
John thinks Mary left.
John whispered that Mary left.
John will carefully study Russian.
John carefully studies Russian.
I wonder if she will use paints.
Yes, she will.
I wonder if she used paints.
Yes, she did.
John will have been eating cake.
Mary won't have been eating cake, but John will.
Mary won't have been eating cake, but John will have.
Mary won't have been eating cake, but John will have been.
John will enthusiastically have been eating cake.
John will have enthusiastically been eating cake.
John will have been eating cake enthusiastically.
John has carefully studied Russian.
John had carefully studied Russian.
John is carefully studying Russian.
John was carefully studying Russian.
John goes to school.
Mary thinks that Bill will come.
Mary wonders whether Bill will come.
Mary prefers for Bill to come.
I wonder has Mary worked for Microsoft.
I wonder whether Mary has worked for Microsoft.
Will John not go to school?
Has Henri not studied for his exam?
Did Sue not pass her exam?
Won't John go to school?
Shouldn't Mary taste the soup?
Hasn't Henri studied for his exam?
Isn't Bill sick?
Didn't Sue pass her exam?
she will win the race.
Elmer finished the cake and John did too, finish the cake.
we need to provide two trees and.
we also need to explain the relation between these trees.
John did not like Mary.
John will endorse the treaty, but Georges will not endorse the treaty.
Will George indeed not endorse the treaty?
He will indeed endorse the treaty.
He will not endorse the treaty; and indeed.
John thinks that Bill left.
John asked whether Bill left.
John was wondering whether to leave or not.
John was wondering whether to leave.
Mary sent a book to Bill.
Mary send a book.
Mary sent Bill a book,….
We put a book on the table.
We think that Bill left.
We wonder whether Bill left.
We wonder if Bill left.
John came in.
Then, John left.
He took his umbrella.
He hurt himself with it when he tried to open it.
The idiot can't even open an umbrella!
John can't even open an umbrella!
John said he was sick.
The TA who graded him says that John did really well.
He should decide soon.
Mary wrote a letter to him last year.
Our rabbit and the neighbor's cat like each other.
The boys fought with each other.
Each of our rabbit and the neighbor's cat likes the other.
Each of the boys fought with the other boys.
the boy likes himself.
the girls likes themselves.
each of the girls likes herself.
Mary's pictures of herself surprised Bill.
I noticed John's excessive appreciation of himself.
Mary noticed John's excessive appreciation of himself.
John loved the new pictures of himself.
I showed Mary several portraits of herself.
Mary noticed that John excessively appreciates himself.
Mary appreciates only John and herself.
Mary really appreciates and constantly praises herself and Sue knows it.
John heard their criticism of each other.
John heard their criticism of themselves.
John likes himself.
The students are proud of themselves.
Everyone likes himself.
No spy betrayed himself.
I heard John's criticism of himself.
John heard that I criticized myself.
Mary likes herself.
the girls likes them.
John's mother likes him.
John believes that Bill saw himself.
John believes that Bill saw him.
They like their books.
Everyone thinks he is smart.
Who in this class thinks he is smart?
Bill's mother saw him.
The mayor of John's hometown wrote to him.
The builder of his house visited Peter.
That is a bird.
That's the truth.
He is John.
Bob Dylan is Robert Zimmerman.
I like Mary and she likes me.
She considers John proud of his work.
They saw Bill leave.
Mary prefers that her ice cream is in a cone.
Henry saw that Bill left.
What Mary prefers is her ice cream in a cone.
John heard Mary describe herself.
Mary considers John proud of her.
Mary considers John proud of himself.
John believes himself to be proud of Mary.
The pictures of Bill she put on your desk.
Which pictures of Bill did she put on your desk.
Susan wanted to sleep.
She put the pictures of Bill on your desk.
The pictures of Bill, she put on your desk.
You put which picture of Bill on his desk?
Which picture of Bill did you put on his desk?
How many strings did you say she had to pull in order to do that?
How much care do you think he would be taking of his patients under those circumstances?
How much headway is he likely to make.
Who left Bill.
Who did Bill leave.
Whom did Bill leave.
Is there anything to do today?
There are two main characters in the novel.
There are 3 firemen available.
There were seven people.
There were several doctors available.
Rodney was eating some squid, wasn't he?
There is a man ready to jump from the roof, isn't there?
Sharks seem to swim slowly in the tropics.
the cat seems to be out of the bag.
the shit seems to have hit the fan.
There seems to be a nurse available.
it seems that John left.
Several people seem sick.
John considers several people sick.
There are several people sick.
Several people seem several people sick.
Several people are sick.
Bill is sick.
Susan hopes to sleep.
Susan hopes that she will sleep.
Everyone hopes to sleep.
Everyone hopes that everyone will sleep.
Only Churchill remembered giving the Blood, Sweat and Tears speech.
Only Churchill remembered his giving the Blood, Sweat and Tears speech.
Only Churchill remembered himself giving the Blood, Sweat and.
Susan hopes herself to sleep.
for John to hurt his friends is stupid.
to hurt his friends is stupid.
for John to hurt himself is stupid.
to hurt oneself is stupid.
John promised Bill to leave.
John promised Mary that he would leave.
John promised Mary to cut the grass.
John promise Mary to control himself.
John seems to sleep all day.
John hopes to sleep.
John tried to sleep.
John believes Bill to have slept.
John believes that Bill has slept.
John convinced Bill to sleep.
John believes it to be obvious that Bill left.
John believes it to be raining.
Bill cooked the rice.
the rice was cooked by Bill.
Bill visited Mary.
Mary was visited by Bill.
John believes Bill to have cooked the rice.
John believes the rice to have been cooked by Bill.
John believes Bill to have visited Mary.
John believes Mary to have been visited by Bill.
John convinced Bill to cook the rice.
John convinced Bill to visit Mary.
John believes that Bill slept.
I sent money.
I sent Mary money.
I sent money to Mary.
I worked on Sunday in the city on that project without a break.
I praised Mary.
The moon glows in the darkness.
The moon glows.
I sang a song with Mary while you did so with Bill.
What Mary did with Bill was sing a song.
She tried to leave
Who said he would give the cloak to Lee?
Which book about herself did Jenny say that Anson had written.
Paul had eighty eight billion sixty three million forty-four thousand nine hundred at
The boy thought she was happy.
The landlord donated a helicopter
Most dragons have been neutered.
Who did you meet all when you were in Derry?
Jason persuaded Medea to desert her family.
Michael abandoned an old friend at Mardi Gras
You friends of the king are all the same
He is that kind of actor
Medea tended to appear to be evil.
He's bound to could do it
Nathan received the cloak from Benjamin
That the world is round is obvious.
Poseidon wept, after the executioner left.
I asked who did Medea poison.
I never liked his analysis.
I might have eaten some seaweed.
There appears to be a problem with this solution.
What Julie became was fond of Lloyd.
Bill did not defeat the gods but Gilgamesh did .
Aphrodite frees animals
Medea, Jason poisoned.
Emily showed Benjamin himself in the mirror.
Jason was killed by Medea.
How did you eat the cake?
I asked who Medea poisoned.
Aphrodite wanted to live and Ishtar tried to
I was sitting not under the tree but under the bush
The child wails
Gilgamesh hasn't left
Dracula thought that he was the Prince of Darkness.
He looked up the number.
She has kissed her.
Agamemnon stopped Jason casting the spell
Humans love to eat some disgruntled old pigs in those ditches.
Jason whispered that the phoenix had escaped
Ron definitely has bought a dog.
Who is it obvious that Plato loves.
That picture of Jenny in a rubber dress doesn't flatter her.
He might could go
Benjamin gave Lee the cloak and Nathan the chalice.
That monkey is ate the banana
I bought a book about Harry
Who was it obvious that Plato loved?
It was for Jenny that I intended to be present.
I think she is pregnant
It's extremely windy today.
Jason would prefer Medea to have cursed Agamemnon.
Who did Athena introduce to whom?
It appears that Poseidon owns a dragon
I have often eaten muffins.
Gilgamesh can seek Ishtar
You kicked yourself
Agamemnon seems to have left.
The dragons had all eaten the pigs.
Anson shot the dinosaur with his rifle in the jungle
I often have eaten muffins.
He kicked himself
Gilgamesh has not read the cuneiform tablets.
He might maybe do that, mightn't he?
I intended for Jenny to be present.
Whose poem about Achilles did Homer persuade Jason that he should read?
Jason would prefer for Medea to have cursed Agamemnon.
I asked who Medea gave what?
I have every hope that you will defeat him.
Paris is no more
He will can do it
We believed him to be the headmaster
Who kissed who?
Who did you say that John thought would leave early?
Cassandra has warned Agamemnon again.
Gilgamesh has been fighting the dragon.
Lucy's photograph of Jane
Who did Jason think Medea had poisoned?
Gilgamesh may have quickly cast the spell
The potion boiled over
There arrived a new actor.
I ate fruit
I hoped that you would defeat him.
Who seems to be certain to leave first?
His hen loves Anson.
I ate a mango and Gillian did too.
Why did you eat the cake?
Perhaps Gilgamesh should be leaving
I want to can do it
Jason intended for him to learn magic.
I went to the shop for to get bread.
I asked which king invaded which city.
We made the claim that Perseus killed the Gorgon.
Plato listened to DP Demosthenes' oration about Philip.
The old house collapsed.
How are you feeling?
Aphrodite misses Gilgamesh.
Anson very happily demonized David.
That Plato loved Aster proved to be his undoing.
Hasn't the potion worked?
Bill's reading Shakespeare satisfied me
Every vampire slept.
I might be leaving soon.
The man I saw left.
Because they hated him, the druids forced Jason to live in a cupboard
We kicked ourselves
Did Medea poison Jason?
Aphrodite freed animals
The book was donated to the hospital.
Medea poisoned more children than Jason did.
Nathan showed Benjamin himself in the mirror.
That Plato loved Aster deeply was obvious.
He kicked him
Jason expected the doctor to treat Medea
The therapist's analysis of Lucy
Where are you living?
Who showed what to who?
Medea thought that, after the executioner had left, Poseidon would be relieved.
The consul's gift of the gladiator to himself.
All the dragons have been slain.
Gilgamesh should slowly be tickling the mandrake.
Odysseus planned to hear the sirens.
Bill reading Shakespeare and Maureen singing Schubert satisfies me
The shooting of the hunters was very loud.
Truman punched Johnson
He became fond of peanuts.
The therapist analysed Lucy
Dracula thought himself to be the Prince of Darkness.
Athena introduced Medea to Jason
He'll no can do it, will he?
Anson is incredibly difficult to please.
It was claimed by everyone that the poison was neutralised
The banana is being eaten by that monkey.
I want to kiss pigs
Burn letters to him!
His analysis of her was flawed
Did the potion boil over?
I didn't see him ever.
We all thought him to be unhappy
Which book are you reading?
That monkey is eating the banana.
That bottle of water might have cracked open.
Who did Gilgamesh believe to have kissed Aphrodite?
Paul had three affairs . . .
Close the door!
I was eating not a peach but an apple
Which poem did you go to hear a recital of last night?
I have sent 0 letters to Environmental Heath.
Why did you kill Pegasus?
Aphrodite does free animals
Gilgamesh will seek Ishtar
I assumed him to be innocent
I am being whipped
Never will I do syntax again.
The children wail
Mary fell.
I inquired if we could leave early.
Benjamin gave the cloak and sent the book to Lee
Hera tried to appear to be happy.
The Emperor's every wish was immediately carried out.
Jenny has eaten a cake.
The sheep cry
He can't possibly do that, can he
We believed that Aphrodite was omnipotent.
Which book about Ulysses did you say that you would read?
Gilgamesh is not reading the cuneiform tablets.
Jason persuaded Medea to try to run away.
We believed Aphrodite to be omnipotent
That bottle of water might have.
I don't remember what all I said?
That Aphrodite was so promiscuous astounded the other gods.
I claimed that she was pregnant
David wrote that you said that Anson thought that Julie had fainted
It rained
Poseidon was asleep, when the executioner arrived.
People are in the garden
Anson became happy
It is tough to teach syntax.
There's going to be a party, isn't there?
They brought the hat to the teacher
What Medea attempted was to poison her children.
Benjamin gave the cloak 0 and sent the book to Lee
The man chuckles
Milena will make pasta.
Aphrodite did free animals
Gilgamesh should seek Ishtar
They depend on Mary.
Humans love to eat the old pigs.
It's under the bed that's the best place to hide
He left.
That picture of her pleases Jenny.
Constantly reading Shakespeare satisfied me
There was a dragon in the cave.
People like lard.
These ones are to be smuggled from Hungary.
We donated a chopper to the new hospital
These expensive and illegal bottles of Absinthe are to be smuggled from Hungary.
A programme about Euripides is on a Radio 4 tonight.
Lucy's analysis was the most successful
Medea tried to poison her children.
What I said was that we would go.
There are many fish in the sea.
Jason gave the poisoned clothes to who?
Benjamin said he would run away and he did.
Who is sailing to Ithaca?
They sat on Mary.
Julie filed letters to herself.
He looked it up
Who's there?
He might no could have done it
The sheep cries
For Aphrodite to appear to be happy would be impossible.
If one were to steal talismans from witches, then that would be dangerous.
Bill did not destroy the world.
Both the twins might have been at the party.
That Plato loved Aster was obvious.
The pigs grunt
The analysis of Lucy took longer than that of Gomez.
I climbed up the tree.
I inquired when we could leave.
Where Alison and David soaked their feet was in the kitchen
That photograph of Jane of Lucy's
The constant reading of Shakespeare satisfied me
What she thought was that the poison was neutralised
Because she had got the highest marks, Medea was happy
When did you arrive?
Which poisonous plant is it certain that we will find in Amazonia?
The microphone salesman's 0 irritating patter was relentless.
The Paris I used to know is no more
Sam gave the cloak to Lee and gave the magic chalice to Matthew.
Gilgamesh has eaten the honey
I will eat a mango, and Gillian will too.
Computer viruses increased in virulence last year.
At Trade, Anson danced extremely frantically
Richard is going to chop some wood.
The poem that Homer wrote.
Who did drink the poison?
Evan's every idea was completely insane.
Sally is making scones, and Gillian is too.
Everyone claimed that the poison was neutralized.
That Jason arrived infuriated Medea.
Medea was happy, because she had got the highest marks
Keep yourself clean!
Cassandra has foretold disaster again.
Bill's reading of Shakespeare satisfied me
Who poisoned who?
Pigs love truffles.
Owners of pigs love truffles
So quickly did the vampire move, that we barely saw him.
Humans love to eat those pigs.
Jason persuaded Medea to be treated by the doctor
It is true that I might be doing something other than going to the party.
Jason expected Medea to be treated by the doctor
Moya said she liked football.
Anson became the Mayor
Kane ate dirt.
Benjamin gave the cloak to Nathan
Poseidon had run away, because the executioner murdered Hera.
A description of Aristotle is in the book.
Julie and Jenny did.
It's quarter past four.
Owners of a pig love to eat truffles.
No one expected Agamemnon to to win
Euclid was interested in Plato's description of geometry.
Medea poisoned who?
which city the claim that Philip would invade.
I haven't left yet
Who ate the cake?
Why did you say that you were leaving?
Michael left Meg
The reading of Shakespeare satisfied me
No one expected to win.
The bear sniffs
It hung on the wall.
Know yourself!
Agamemnon attempted to behave well.
Julie felt he was there
He thought that Dracula was the Prince of Darkness.
I have eaten already
It is not true that I have left yet.
I could have been flying helicopters by now.
I asked if Medea poisoned Jason.
Who did you persuade to go?
What did you get all for Xmas?
Some disgruntled old pigs in those ditches love truffles
Jason was killed.
Gilgamesh is in the dungeon.
Anson will come to the party.
Gilgamesh has never flown a dragon.
His analysis, I never liked.
That bottle of water might.
She took a picture of the phoenix
Who did Medea poison?
I tried for to get them.
Who did you introduce Athena to?
Can I keep the screwdriver just like a carpenter keep the screwdriver?
Jason refrained from casting the spell
Andrew likes lard on his sandwiches
Who seemed to have left first?
Hierarchy of Projections:
We decided to paint the bathroom a lurid lime green colour.
She kicked her
I believed there to be three books on the subject.
Which girl ate the cake?
That Plato lived in the city of Athens was well-known.
For you to do that would be a mistake.
I believe she is pregnant
No one expected him to to win.
He'll no can do it, can he?
Raffi slept well, and Gillian will too
He's bound to should do it
It might have cracked open
Where did Perseus see the Gorgon?
The scissors are lost
Gilgamesh should be slowly tickling the mandrake
I believed she was pregnant
Anson gave Fluffy to Jenny.
The very old and extremely wise owl.
The owl hated the evil bat and loved the wise eagle.
No one could remove the blood on the wall
The boys should could all go
Anson danced extremely frantically at Trade.
Julie became a fond of Lloyd.
Lee's youngest and Dawn's oldest son ran away.
Anson kicked the cat
Merlin is extremely evil.
Syntax is easy to pretend that you can teach.
I want to eat macaroni
Which ode did which poet write?
Who drank the poison?
What Medea arranged was for her children to be poisoned.
No one's mother had baked anything.
What kind of actor is he?
What did she eat?
I have often a cold.
Who did Maria say that she'd kiss and kick?
Where did they go all for their holidays?
They came running over the hill and through the woods
How quickly did you eat the cake?
Many fish are in the sea.
They arrived first
People were playing on the beach.
The bears sniff
His book
He looked the number up
Has Jenny eaten a cake?
Which goddess helped us?
Medea killed Jason.
Ron certainly will buy a dog.
Which king did you wonder invaded which city?
No one expected Agamemnon to win.
Gilgamesh never flies dragons.
The dragons have all been slain.
The amoeba coughed and then it fainted.
I want to sing
He will can go
Having read Shakespeare satisfied me
Gilgamesh may seek Ishtar
The librarian likes books.
Alison and David soaked their feet after dinner
Mary is faster than John is.
Alison and David soaked their feet in the kitchen
Did you see Mary?
Raffi has made pasta, and David has too.
There seemed to be three men in the garden.
That Medea murdered Jason didn't surprise anyone.
Moya's football team loved her
Jason persuaded Medea that she should desert her family
Every reading of Shakespeare satisfied me
When the executioner arrived, Poseidon was asleep
They kicked themselves
Many vampires have become vegetarian.
John saw Stephan
I like Anson
The dragons simply all died out.
Gilgamesh did not fly the dragon.
Which goddess might help us?
Humans love to eat pigs.
Which poem about Achilles did Homer recite?
The boys should all could go
The shield that saved Achilles life.
Evan's every desire
I wondered whether Medea had fled.
I have eaten my hat already
Jenny swallowed the fly
The flying car hit the tree in the air
I have a book.
Jason thought of defending the dragon
It seems that Agamemnon is a maniac
We claimed that Perseus had killed the Gorgon
We need some technician to help us.
I have been flying helicopters for years.
Sam gave the cloak to Lee and the magic chalice to Matthew.
No reading of Shakespeare satisfied me
What did he reply?
I asked which city which king invaded.
Raffi makes pesto pasta, and David does too
Eat dirt!
Look after yourself!
Arthur gave the tapestry to Lancelot.
We took the car to the town
Benjamin gave the cloak to Lee.
Not reading Shakespeare satisfied me
Gilgamesh has not been reading the cuneiform tablets
When Alison and David soaked their feet was after dinner
This problem's analysis is made a lot easier when you understand differential equations.
Who asked which statue which tourist had taken a photo of?
Willow said that she'd kiss Tara and kick Xander.
I climbed right up the tree.
All the dragons had escaped.
Who did you attempt to force Jason to kill?
I thought of the moon
I wondered had he left yet.
I thought she was pregnant
I arranged for him to see her.
It was over the hill and through the woods that they came running
Who did you ask saw what?
Gilgamesh arrived
Oil spread over the sea shore.
What Jason asked was whether the potion was ready
Have you seen Mary? I have vP seen Mary
It seems that Agamemnon left.
Those monkeys are eating the banana.
Anson tried to shave himself.
It is not allowed to incriminate oneself.
The analysis of the problem was flawed
Which goddess did help us?
Poseidon appears to have turned out to have left.
How fond of Esther is Agamemnon?
Ron heard a discussion in the foyer
The students demonstrated the technique this morning
He walked up the hill.
Aphrodite said he freed the animals and free the animals he did
Did you drink the poison?
Whether Agamemnon had triumphed was unknown.
I often have a cold.
Didn't the magic work?
Anson thought Julie had fainted
The horse fell
Burn letters to Peter!
Genie intoned the prayer
Gilgamesh didn't fly the broomstick.
Ron's likely to be on the Web, isn't he?
Bill's reading Shakespeare and Maureen's singing Schubert satisfy me
Paul had an affair
Poseidon appears to own a dragon
The twins might have both been at the party.
That I should evaporate is my fondest dream
What Gilgamesh may do is seek Ishtar
You said that Anson thought that Julie had fainted
The owl hated the evil bat and the wise eagle
What did John buy?
Agamemnon forced Aphrodite to leave the school.
There is a description of Aristotle in the book.
Humans love to eat them.
Perhaps Iphigenia will have murdered Oedipus by tomorrow.
So that he could escape, Jason became invisible
I asked did Medea poison Jason.
Agamemnon stopped Jason from casting the spell
No one wanted any cake.
I wanted Jimmy for to come with me.
They should have all sent Oedipus to Thebes
I asked Anson if he was happy
Daniel became a blond.
It was the man I saw that you wanted to meet.
That photograph by Gomez of Pugsley of Lucy's
I ate that.
It snowed
Aphrodite said he would free the animals and free the animals he will
That the golden thread would show Jason his path through the labyrinth was
Julie and Jenny arrived first
What have you eaten?
Who has drunk my whiskey?
I'd planned to have finished, and finished I have
Ron expected the sack.
That I am here proves that I care.
Gilgamesh misses Aphrodite
That Plato loved Aster seemed to be known by everyone.
When dining with evil crocodiles, it is advisable to wear armour.
Did the magic work?
Who has drunk the poison?
Benjamin said he would give the cloak to Lee and give the cloak to Lee he did.
Jason became invisible, so that he could escape
Aphrodite may quickly free the animals.
The horse galloped
How quickly did the Greeks take Troy?
Some happy pigs which can fly love truffles
Julie felt a twinge in her arm
The wizard turned the beetle into beer with a wave of his wand
Kick me!
We wanted to eat cake
Gomez's photograph of Pugsley belonging to Lucy.
All the boys should could go
Julie maintained her own ideas over the course of the argument.
The intrepid pirate and the fearful captain's mate sunk the galleon.
Gilgamesh might not have been reading the cuneiform tablets.
It was obvious that Plato loved Aster obvious.
He loves him
We all thought he was unhappy
Anson believed the report.
I looked the number up.
No vampire slept.
After the executioner left, Poseidon wept.
Peter was at the party
That he is coming is clear.
Where all did they go for their holidays?
Gilgamesh decided not to kill Ishtar
Bill reading Shakespeare satisfied me
Perseus saw the Gorgon in his shield.
Poseidon would run away, if the executioner murdered Hera.
What did you say (that) the poet had written?
I saw people playing there on the beach.
I didn't want any cake.
That I should kiss pigs is my fondest dream
Ron failed biology, unfortunately
The men chuckle
I expected there to be a problem.
Gilgamesh wanted to seduce Ishtar, and seduce Ishtar he did .
Harry collapsed.
I asked who saw what.
He has been happy
Poseidon had run away, before the executioner murdered Hera.
Merlin is a dangerous sorcerer.
Anson saw Anson.
I am to eat macaroni.
Poseidon had escaped, before the executioner arrived.
Owners love truffles
Humans love to eat owners of pigs.
Those pigs love truffles
I'd planned to have finished by now.
Has the potion not worked?
What I love is toast and sun dried tomatoes
Mary ran.
He replied that he was happy.
No one could remove the blood from the wall
Julie maintained that the barman was sober.
Benjamin gave Lee the cloak.
Aphrodite wanted Hera to persuade Athena to leave.
Gilgamesh is fighting the dragon.
I claimed she was pregnant
For Jenny, I intended to be present.
Gilgamesh missed Aphrodite
She might be pregnant.
Anson demonized David at the club.
Jason asked whether the potion was ready
Frieda closed the door
Medea might have given Jason a poisoned robe (just treat a poisoned robe as an NP
Quickly kiss Anson!
Julie felt hot
Agamemnon expected Esther to seem to be happy.
That the answer is obvious upset Hermes.
Homer recited the poem about Achilles?
No vampire can survive sunrise.
Under the bed is the best place to hide
Anson appeared
There seems to be a problem.
I intoned that she was happy
Medea saw who?
No one expected that Agamemnon would win.
Believing that the world is flat gives one some solace.
Kick them!
Medea wondered if the potion was ready
Who all did you meet when you were in Derry?
Who did you hear an oration about?
Alison ran
Romeo sent letters to Juliet.
Richard's gift of the helicopter to the hospital and of the bus to the school.
Nathan caused Benjamin to see himself in the mirror.
a. Madeleine planned to catch the sardines and she did.
I did not understand.
Gilgamesh loved Ishtar and Aphrodite did too
We believed him to be omnipotent
David ate mangoes and Raffi should too.
Julie and Fraser ate those delicious pies in Julie's back garden.
The old pigs love truffles
The boys all should could go
Aphrodite quickly freed the animals
Paul had two affairs
What Alison and David did was soak their feet in a bucket
Anson demonized David almost constantly.
Anson's hen nibbled his ear.
Before the executioner arrived, Poseidon had escaped
Gilgamesh didn't leave.
Genie intoned that she was tired
Look at all these books. Which book would you like?
I don't remember what I said all?
The pig grunts
People are stupid
What I arranged was for Jenny to be present.
I compared Ginger to Fred
Which poet wrote which ode?
How did Julie ask if Jenny left?
Dracula thought him to be the Prince of Darkness.
I must eat macaroni.
I asked who John would introduce to who.
Reading Shakespeare satisfied me
Humans love to eat owners.
Gilgamesh fears death and Achilles does as well
How did Julie say that Jenny left?
Show me letters!
The readings of Shakespeare satisfied me
Anson demonized David every day.
The students demonstrated this morning
We believed Aphrodite to be omnipotent.
Emily caused Benjamin to see himself in the mirror.
Nothing like that would I ever eat again.
Where has he put the cake?
Jason persuaded Medea to desert her family
Gilgamesh perhaps should be leaving.
Gilgamesh hasn't kissed Ishtar.
It is easy to slay the Gorgon.
I had the strangest feeling that I knew you.
What all did you get for Christmas?
Somebody just left - guess who.
They claimed they had settled on something, but it wasn't clear what they had settled on.
If Sam was going, Sally would know where.
They're going to serve the guests something, but it's unclear what.
She's reading. I can't imagine what.
John said Joan saw someone from her graduating class.
I served leek soup to my guests.
I served my guests.
Joan ate dinner with someone but I don't know who.
Joan ate dinner with someone but I don't know who with.
I know that Meg's attracted to Harry, but they don't know who.
She didn't talk to one student.
Everyone relies on someone. It's unclear who.
Each student wrote a paper on a Mayan language, but I don't remember which one.
The newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint someone, but I can't remember who the newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint.
The newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint someone, but I can't remember who they are about to appoint.
Most columnists claim that a senior White House official has been briefing them, and the newspaper today reveals which one.
Most columnists claim that a senior White House official has been briefing them, but none will reveal which one.
Bill wondered how many papers Sandy had read, but he didn't care which ones.
I never know which papers Sandy has read, but I usually know how many.
Sandy had read how many papers?!
Everybody gets on well with a certain relative, but often only his therapist knows which one.
Which book did each author recommend?
His or her least known work.
They were going to meet sometime on Sunday, but the faculty didn't know when.
John likes some students, but I don't know who.
I don't know who John likes.
She was reading the books under the table, but Fred didn't know what books.
He announced he would marry the woman he loved most, but none of his relatives could figure out who.
She talked to John or Mary but I don't know which.
She talked to John or Mary but I don't know which one.
She talked to Harry, but I don't know who else.
I will see them, but I don't know how many of them.
Everyone who knows either Susan or Laura likes her.
He shouted again, but I don't know who to.
She was dancing with somebody, but I don't know who with.
Several firefighters were injured, but it's not known.
Meg is attracted to Harry, but they don't know who she is attracted to.
Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a certain problem, but she wouldn't tell us which one.
The TA's have been arguing about whether some student or other should pass, but I can't now remember which one.
Sandy is very anxious to see if the students will be able to solve the homework problem in a particular way, but she won't tell us which.
Sandy is very anxious to see if the students will be able to solve the homework problem in a particular way, but she won't tell us in which way.
Clinton is anxious to find out which budget dilemmas Panetta would be willing to tackle in a certain way, but he won't say in which.
Sandy is wondering whether there will be students who have to drop the class for a certain reason, but she won't reveal what.
I know how many assignments I've graded, but I don't know how many Bill has.
Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a certain problem.
The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet with one of the student groups.
Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a problem.
The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet a student group.
The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet a student group, but I'm not sure which one.
I think Agnes said that Bill would speak, but I don't remember what about.
She's been dancing but we don't know with whom.
It was believed by everybody that Mary was a thief.
That professor is feared by all students.
Mary was respected by John.
Ted was bitten by the spider.
The paper was written up by John.
John was spoken to by Mary.
The book was seen by Mary.
The book was written.
The table was wiped clean by John.
John was believed to be telling the truth by Mary.
John was believed by Mary to be telling the truth.
The car was driven by John to Maine.
It was believed by the students that they would have an exam.
The magazines were sent by Mary to herself.
Chocolate eggs were hidden from no child by any adult.
Tabs were kept on each agent by the other.
Chocolate eggs were hidden from every child by his mother.
Books were taken from no student and given to Mary.
Books were taken from each student by the other.
Books were taken from each student and given to Mary.
Jack hates Sue and is loved by Mary.
Vera sent a baby alligator to Max and a leather dinosaur to Phyllis.
Either Sam plays the bassoon or Jekyll the oboe.
Sam doesn't play bassoon, nor Medusa oboe.
I no more could have stolen that steak than Jack the diamonds.
Bill ate more peaches than Harry did grapes.
If the ants were called elephants and elephants ants, I'd be able to squash an elephant.
Simon quickly dropped the gold, and Jack the diamonds.
Bob tried to wash himself, and Mary to read the funnies.
Harry told Sue that Albania is a lovely place for a vacation, and Tom told Sally that Albania is a lovely place for a vacation.
Harry told Sue that Albania is a lovely place for a vacation, and Tom.
Max seemed to be trying to begin to love Harriet, and Fred to be trying to begin to love Sue.
Max seemed to be trying to force Ted to leave the room, and Walt, Ira.
Bill ate the peaches, and Harry did, too.
Whenever Russia has made a major political blunder, the U.S. has too.
Bill's story about Sue and Max's about Kathy both amazed me.
I bought three quarts of wine and two of Clorox.
Scientists at the South Hanoi Institute of Technology have succeeded in raising one dog with five legs, another with a cow's liver, and a third with no head.
Bill's story about Sue may be amazing, but Max's is virtually incredible.
I like Bill's yellow shirt, but not Max's.
Bill's funny story about Sue and Max's boring one about Kathy both amazed me.
Bill's wine from France and Ted's from California cannot be compared.
Neither Von Karajan's recording of Beethoven's 6th on Columbia nor Klemperer's on Angel has the right tempo.
Neither von Karajan's recording of Beethoven's 6th on Columbia nor Klemperer's has the right tempo.
Tom's dog with one eye attacked Fred's.
I borrowed Fred's diagram of a snake's eye because Steve's had been stolen.
Jerry attempted to blow up the Pentagon.
So fast did he run that nobody could catch him.
Bill bought a red house, and Max bought one too.
Who always drinks milk?
The book which inspired them was very long.
I know the person whose mother died.
The person whose mother's dog we were all fond of.
I wonder whose mother died.
I wonder whose mother's dog died.
I wonder to whom they dedicated the building.
Give me the phone number of the person whose mother's dog died.
This is the senator to whose mother's friend's sister's I sent the letter.
Whose bagels do you like?
I wonder in whom to place my trust.
There were several old rocks songs that she and I were the only two who knew.
Mary asked me if, in St. Louis, John could rent a house cheap.
It would be unwise for there to be no fire exit.
I believe there to be no way out.
I wonder who to place my trust in.
I know the people that voted in the election.
I threw away a book that Sandy thought we had read.
I thought that you were sick.
I dislike the company in which we placed our trust.
I dislike the people in whose house we stayed.
I dislike the person with whom we were talking.
A letter was received that Jones would be upset by.
I saw someone yesterday I hadn't seen for years.
Something happened I couldn't really talk about.
The only person that I like whose kids Dana is willing to put up with is Pat.
The book that I like which everyone else in the class hates was written by John.
The only person whose kids Dana is willing to put up with is Pat.
Which book's author did you meet?
Which boy's mother did you meet?
All who lost money in the scam are eligible for the program.
Who who you like does Sandy also like?
Everything you like is on the table.
The bills passed by the House yesterday that we objected to were vetoed.
The only people being added to our group who were at Harvard were students.
We like ourselves.
Nobody likes us.
She voted for herself.
We gave ourselves presents.
We gave presents to ourselves.
We gave ourselves to the cause.
We think that Leslie likes us.
Our friends like us.
Those pictures of us offended us.
Vote for yourself!
We admired the pictures of us in the album.
We admired the pictures of ourselves in the album.
Leslie used a pen.
We put the pigs in a pen.
We need to pen the pigs to keep them from getting into the corn.
They should pen the letter quickly.
The car won't run.
This dye will run.
She can run an accelerator.
These stockings will run.
We need another run to win.
Lee saw the student with a telescope.
I forgot how good beer tastes.
Visiting relatives can be boring.
If only Superman would stop flying planes!
That's a new car dealership.
I know you like the back of my hand.
Max is on the phone now.
I saw her duck.
I'm creating a committee. Kim – you're in charge.
Lights go out at ten. There will be no talking afterwards.
They found the book on the atom.
Which experts testified against defendants who exposed them?
List all experts for the defendant who represented himself.
List associates of each defendant who speaks Spanish.
Some sentences go on and on and on.
That surprised me.
They were interested in his.
This is my favorite.
A large dog chased a small cat.
Some people yell at noisy dogs in my neighborhood.
Some people yell at the dogs in my neighborhood.
Some people yell at the dogs.
Some people yell at noisy dogs.
Some people yell at dogs.
Some people consider the noisy dogs dangerous.
Some people consider the dogs in my neighborhood dangerous.
Some people consider noisy dogs in my neighborhood dangerous.
Some people consider the dogs dangerous.
Some people consider noisy dogs dangerous.
Some people consider dogs in my neighborhood dangerous.
Some people consider dogs dangerous.
People with children who use drugs should be locked up.
This disease gave Leslie a fever in Rome.
The love of my life and mother of my children would never do such a thing.
Most elections are quickly forgotten, but the election of 2000, everyone will remember for a long time.
The defendant denied the accusation.
The bird sings.
The birds give the worm a tug.
Terry delighted in my pain.
Kerry remarked it was late.
What additional categories and rules would be required to handle these verbs?
We created a monster.
The defendant walks.
How many feature structures categories can label the first daughter?
The child put the toy on the table.
The teacher became angry with the students.
The jury believed the defendant lied.
The guests dined.
We relied on Leslie.
We celebrated in the streets.
We celebrated in the streets in the rain on Tuesday in the morning.
A magazine appeared on the newsstands.
A magazine about crime appeared on the newsstands.
Newsweek appeared on the newsstands.
The report that crime was declining surprised many people.
The book surprised many people.
The storm arrived after the picnic.
The storm arrived while we ate lunch.
These dogs barked.
A chair was broken.
They want them arrested.
They preferred them arrested.
We preferred them on our team.
With my parents as supportive as they are, I'll be in fine shape.
The dogs barked.
I walk and Dana runs.
They like us.
Kim likes dogs.
Dogs like Kim.
The person responsible confessed.
Chris walks, Pat eats broccoli, and Sandy plays squash.
There was some particular dog who saved every family.
Susan frightens her.
Susan told her a story.
Susan told a story to her.
Susan devoted herself to linguistics.
Nobody told Susan about herself.
That picture of Susan offended her.
He offended Sandy.
They talk to themselves.
Nobody told Susan.
Protect yourself!
I met the person who left.
Leslie slept.
Dana walked and Leslie ran.
Kris donated a book to the library.
The police sprayed the protesters with water.
The police sprayed water on the protesters.
The students drove cars.
These cars drive easily.
The horse kicked me black and blue.
They yelled.
The horse raced past the barn fell.
The horse that was raced past the barn fell.
The boat seen down the river sank.
The evidence assembled by the prosecution convinced the jury.
Lou forgot the umbrella.
Lou forgot the umbrella in the closet.
Lou hoped the umbrella was broken.
Lou put the umbrella in the closet.
The artist drew the child with a pencil.
The dog bit the cat.
Chris was handed a note.
TV puts dumb ideas in children's heads.
Dumb ideas are put in children's heads by TV.
Dumb ideas are put in children's heads.
The patient died.
He was arrested by the police.
The cat got bitten.
There is a monster in Loch Ness.
It is obvious that Pat is lying.
Pat is the captain of the team.
There is a unicorn in the garden.
There was a felon elected to the city council.
There is a seat available.
Many people were fond of Pat.
People are looking through the window.
A felon was elected to the city council.
It mattered that the Giants had lost.
That dogs bark annoys people.
It annoys people that dogs bark.
That Chris knew the answer occurred to Pat.
It never occurred to Pat that Chris knew the answer.
That the Cardinal won the game gave Sandy a thrill.
It gave Sandy a thrill that the Cardinal won the game.
Cohen proved the independence of the continuum hypothesis.
Cohen proved that the continuum hypothesis was independent.
We forgot our invitations.
Nobody saw Pat.
That Fido barks annoys me.
Fido barks.
Chris dreads the bucket.
The candidates bring advantage to the voters.
Tabs are kept on suspected drug dealers by the FBI.
Advantage is taken of every opportunity for improvement.
The bucket was kicked by Pat.
John is sad.
John loaded the wagon full with hay.
Of whom are you thinking?
John became rich.
I gave John gold apples.
how silly is Bill considered?
how mad was Bill made?
John is sick.
John left singing.
John is near Larry.
John gave Bill the dog dead.
John was struck by Bill's idiocy.
John promised Bill to leave.
John tried to leave.
To leave would be a pleasure.
They make good cooks.
there is nothing to do.
John has something for Bill to do.
I am counting on Bill to incriminate himself.
On whom are you counting to incriminate himself?
I am counting on Bill to get there on time.
I would prefer to leave.
I would hate for John to leave.
I would prefer for John to leave.
to die is no fun.
John wants to leave.
John counted on Bill to get there on time.
I bought Bill a book to read.
John told Mary that it would be important to leave early.
John told Mary that it was important to Fred to leave early.
John, told Mary that it would be appropriate to leave together.
John's arriving dead surprised me.
the attempt by John to leave surprised me.
John left orders to follow Pete.
John left us orders to follow Pete.
John left orders not to be disturbed.
That he is here is clear.
It is a problem that he is here.
It bothers me that he is here.
John regretted it that Bill had a good time.
It was believed that Bill was tardy.
That he is here is the problem.
The problem we are discussing is George.
It would prove our theory to be untenable for carrots to be vegetables.
John grudgingly accepted judgments of his incompetence as an auto mechanic.
It was to John that I gave the book.
I bought it to read.
I bought it to give to Pete.
I gave it to Pete to take to the fair.
I wrote to Bill.
I presented it to Bill to read.
I gave a book to Bill to read.
John thinks it would upset himself to die.
John made Bill mad at himself.
John made Bill master of himself.
The correspondence school made Bill a good typist.
The correspondence school sent Bill a good typist.
John considers Bill silly.
John considers Bill to be silly.
John arranged for himself to get the prize.
John talked to Bill about himself.